Topic  0:
----------
When using web client, it would be much more user friendly if the diabetic record was achievable from the side icons. Having to navigate through a flowchart to get to diabetic record is not optimal.
Just like the Eforms Library, I think having a flow chart library with templates would be useful to share between facilities.
If nursing could print labels/armbands from the EDIS side we could complete our whole chart using that side just better time management, easier access and less room for error.
Very useful when inergrateing two different emrs like ECW and CPSI.
I would like comments that are place in system menu to cross to web client. Our case management still functions in system menu, but inpatient department is on web client
It would be nice for Evident to be more compatible with Dragon. Our physicians love using Dragon for dictation. The Evident software specifically the Web Client does not work well with Dragon.
I think TruLearn is a great resource to use for training purposes, however a lot of the role based courses are still using TUX. We need new courses that set a standardized workflow of how each role should perform their duties based in WebClient. Ex: Inpatient Nursing Workflow, Inpatient CNA Workflow, EDIS Nurse, etc. all in WebClient.


There are many short courses on specific functions in WebClient but there is still a lot of courses that show functionality in TUX, which we are trying to move away from. It makes no sense to have people move to WebClient and then show them training videos in TUX.
The documentation tab (specifically for ClinDoc users) should work within the Web client, instead of opening each time in a different tab in Thrive UX. Workflow wise it doesn't make sense for our Clindoc users to even use the Web client at this point.
Be able to customize vital signs in flow charts - we need to have option for bi-pap, and other things and what is already hard coded there are things we dont use.
So many things in cpsi have multiple ways to do things. Can't we just have 1? SOP for all things. This would also mean customer support from CPSI that gives you the same answer no matter who you talk to. Too much flexibility within the system makes things confusing. 
https://jira.cpsi.com/browse/TIF-837
When you login into web client on PC you have that minimize arrow at the bottom. When using a tablet this option has went away. With some of our smaller tablets it's hard to navigate without the option to minimize this. Can this be added back?
In the Vital signs application, there are no prompts for vital signs being out of range. If we are to move more to the Thrive UX/ TWC the functionality should also follow.
When we signed with CPSI we hosted our server locally and uptime was great. Now that CPSI is hosting Notes and Thrive Web Client we're experiencing more downtime. It would be great to have the option to host these locally on our own hardware.
To help keep users in TWC - please move the Quality Improvement apps (QI) to TWC including the Risk Management Incident and Variance reports.

Users are entering in TWC and the reports are getting missed because they are not flowing to our risk management team. There is nothing keeping users from entering the reports while using TWC, and they forget to move back to TUX. Therefore, get frustrated because they have to enter them twice in an application that is already difficult to use.
It would be nice for the font size to be increased on the Web side (Time clock is one example). It is so small - makes it difficult to read - even if you have good eyesight - now add bifocals, etc. Many staff members have stated they would use WebClient more if they could see it better.

The contrast of the letters should also be bolder - again easier to see.
Our CEO would like to be able to access business intelligence via web client for when he's off campus / and he prefers the web-based interface.
it currently takes 14 clicks of the mouse to order an X-ray. Consider condensing things to click to make this process easier and faster.
I think it would benefit all facilities to have a shared library like there is in Electronic Forms so it is easier to publish boards for your own facility instead of having to create one from scratch
Please make Web Client and applications such as Notes compatible with Dragon medical one (Nuance) software. Currently, you can't directly dictate into web client without a popup box from the dragon software due to incompatibilities. I have worked with Dragon to try and fix this and they are unable to figure out a solution. A dictation based documentation application should be compatible with all popular dictation software. Some of our users are reverting back to TUX because they don't want the dictation box.
Please commit to one fully functional version / GUI. Between CW4/5, UX , Care portal , chartlink , Virtual chart and now Web UI NONE of these are standalone fully functions they ALL have underpinnings of each other - We don't need more ways to do things , each time these half baked redesigns go in to production , they add to complexity at our facility because we are unable to adopt them entirely or move away from any of the others for one reason or another. if trying to go web based , don't make it call back to the local installed apps is self defeating.
We would like to see the functionality of Centriq's Referral Module brought into Thrive. (Other threads describe enhancements that might make this even better, but getting the basic functionality from Centriq back would be a good starting place.)
Coming from the Centriq platform, we miss being able to have different modules open at one time. Having to continuously go back to the System menu to change departments based on what you are working on is very tedious. Currently, some users have multiple logins to work around this issue.
BB is difficult to use if you are not familiar with the system - would be great to have a nice web based UI on top of it

Also would be great if that system was able to auth through AD/SSO
Nursing staff need a Launch point in the CW5 screens for Interqual. Currently this has to be accessed by going into system menu then following a long path through the UR application to get to the Interqual Launch button. I suggest moving/adding the launch button to the Health Information Resource application so that nursing can easily assess when they have to help run Interqual for patients. Put it right under the Commonwell launch point.
be able to move EFORMS if charted in wrong chart
It would be great to have a workshop that reviews the setup and workflow of all the ECQM's and other quality measures.
Thrive CPSI has long been in need of traditional Windows based authentication integration , its becoming increasingly difficult to manage local CPSI authentication as most modern apps now integrate with AD and Azure , PLEASE get with the times on thise
Pain documented in the Vital Sign Application does not currently go into the Patient Progress Notes along with other Vital Signs. It is misleading for staff to think that that documentation would go with the VS documentation.
I'm sure CPSI is already working towards this, but NOTES and now Thrive Web Client go down far too often. The frequent downtimes are very detrimental to provider opinion of the system.
My request is to make privacy/consent in Navigation bar available without needing to go into system menu. Also, this should link back to electronic signature for topaz for all consents and documents needing signatures.
Some of our users need more than just large font they also need better color delineation. When in TWC, if you go to click on something on the left while in a patient chart ie Problem List it would be nice if the color was more than a pale gray, I have doctors complaining about how they can't see this well.
Requesting functionality for users to be able to access the schedules on EWS via Web Client instead of having to launch TUX Application.
It would be nice to be able to view the forms that are Live and give us the option to also view the under construction and obsolete now it's too busy as we have many forms in our library
Entering data into the health history application is a bit time-consuming. If there were a way to input social history directly into the console, which would subsequently update the health history module, it would make the process a bit more easier
It would be beneficial to increase adoption of TWC if we were able to block the TUX for certain users. We should have the ability to guide users into using the versions we have requested, but end users are not always compliant and some prefer what they are already comfortable using until they no longer have an option.
You have a product that a portion of that product requires the use of CAPS LOCK. Please put a CAPS LOCK warning on the login screen. All of our financial users and other poor souls that still have to navigate the SYSTEM MENU side of things always have to attempt logging in TWICE because our CAPS LOCKS keys are still are from working in SYSTEM MENU. I think the least you could do is give us a helpful reminder when logging back in. Laura
Hi,

I think the ability to have Evident in more than one instance/session should be considered. It helps to not have to back all the way out of a new invoice being input to go search for another invoice or other info, that is related to what you are inputting.
Securities needs to be consolidated to one central web form where all securities can be setup, modified, and maintained easily.
With the HIM and other roles moving to the Web Client, the ability to add the scanned images icon to the navigation panel is a requirement. Many departments uses the scanned images icon to add and review scanned images. This is not limited to the clinical role, but all roles need the ability to add this access as more and more Roles move to Web Client, even registration will need scanned images for admitting patients
consolidate BM charting into 1 place where the information can be viewed under the vital signs tab
It is double work for users to be answering the same questions in different areas so that it will populate a programmed field. On web client "Unknown Gender" populates even if admin gender was entered on the patient profile. CPSI states that this must come from the Social History documentation. The number of screens that nursing now has to go through to make sure the ID panel is up to date and accurate is adding in to many clicks and too much extra time into workflow.
It would be nice to see how Evident is capable of meeting the recommendation of the safer guides. This would help us use Evident to its full capabilities and establish best practices for our Facility.
As a secure measure. I don't think staff should be able to access their own record. Even if there is a policy that forbids we should have a way to reinforcement it.
The Help option on the waffle menu does not work on the web client. User is able to access help and can enter things on the screen, but the submit and attach files options do not work. If is not going to work, hide the button until it does or add a note that it does not work on TWC yet.
Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) is an open standard protocol that allows users to authenticate themselves to multiple web applications using a single set of credentials. SAML is the underlying protocol that makes web-based single sign-on (SSO) possible.


This option for authentication would support current secure authentication methods for a variety of Single Signon providers. We use Google but many verndors support SAML


* Microsoft Azure AD, Auth0, PingFederate, ForgeRock, Akamai Identity Cloud, IBM Security Verify, Citrix Workspace, OneLogin, LogMeIn (LastPass), Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Identity & Access Management, RSA SecurID, Duo, SecureAuth® Identity Platform, and JumpCloud
* Cloud applicationsOffice 365, Google Workspace (formerly G Suite), Salesforce, Dropbox, and ServiceNow
* Other productsAtricore, Juniper SSL VPN, Keycloak, Layer 7, Larpe, LemonLDAP::NG, and LoginRadius WikipediaSAML-based products and services - WikipediaAtricore. Commercial. SAML2, WS-Fed, OpenID Connect, OAuth2, WS-Trust, SPMLV2, Kerberos, JOSSO1. Juniper SSL VPN. Juniper Networks. Commercial. Keycloak. JBoss. OSS. Integrated SSO and IDM for browser apps and RESTful web services. Built on top of the OAuth 2.0, OpenID Connect, JSON Web Token (JWT) and SAML 2.0 specifications. Layer 7. SecureSpan Gateway. Commercial. PDP/PEP, Auth2, SAML 1.1, SAML2, ABAC, OpenID Connect, XML Firewall. Larpe. Entrouvert. OSS. SAML, OpenID, CAS, OAuth. LemonLDAP::NG. LemonLDAP::NG. OSS. SSO, WS-Federation, CAS, OpenID-Connect, SAML-2, Twitter, Protocol proxy. LoginRadius. LoginRadius. Commercial.Sage ClaritySAML 2.0 Compliant Applications - Sage ClaritySAML 2.0 Supported Identity Providers. Microsoft Azure AD. Auth0. miniOrange. PingFederate. ForgeRock. Akamai Identity Cloud. IBM Security Verify. Citrix Workspace. OneLogin. LogMeIn (LastPass) Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Identity & Access Management. RSA SecurID. Duo. SecureAuth® Identity Platform. JumpCloud. WSO2 Identity Server. SAML 2.0 Authentication Benefits. User Experience. With SAML 2.0 SSO, users can instantly access their accounts without having to remember specific password or email combinations. By only needing to sign on one time to access multiple service providers, users can get access to website portals much quicker.manageengine.comSAML Single Sign-On for Cloud Applications - ManageEngineSAML is one of the most widely used standards to provide users with secure, one-click access to multiple cloud applications via single sign-on (SSO). All major cloud applications support SAML, including Office 365, Google Workspace (formerly G Suite), Salesforce, Dropbox, and ServiceNow.

We need to find better ways to offer authentication to users to speed up their work flows and require fewer security risks posed with logins and passwords.


This would also be a unified approach for all Applications EHR, 3R, Analytics, Client Support etc
Looking at the formatting of textboxes in Thrive UX Clindoc, textboxes appear on the same line of the header or section. If you look at Clindoc within Webclient, textboxes will appear on a new line, causing odd formatting and spacing issues that could potentially be confusing to the user.


After submitting a situation with Evident their answer was "This is just the way it looks. There are a few differences between Web Client and Thrive UX. One of the big ones was that going to Thrive UX took us away from a Windows dependency which means certain formatting changed. At this time we do not have a way to change this."
When working in the clinical side, lots of information from system menu is needed when viewing in charts. Also, it is more time consuming to have to scan through System Menu side then go back to Charts side to complete information out such as referrals.
For professionality within documentation to curb natural human error within a patients chart. This is a function in the desktop version of Thrive.


"spellcheck was never planned to be programmed into the Web Client, this would be a good idea to add to our Dream Factory in cpsiQ. The Dream Factory is where our clients can submit ideas for new/desired functionalities in the system. Then other clients can vote on them. The more votes, the more likely the functionality might be added. I highly suggest adding this to our Dream Factory."
To be able to see the most recent information without having to scroll through all of the older information.
Providers are asking for their username be saved on TWC login as it did in Thrive UX
we need easier way for patients to sign their eforms. other EMR's have ability to load all these forms onto an ipad so patient and nurse can easily sign. Would love for CPSI to make this work.
Need this for quarterly quality reporting using CART and utilization review.
It would be great to be able to enter invoice information for posting into a spreadsheet (easier data entry) and then upload into FMS
It would be helpful if the Digital Documents list ONLY displayed the Documents associated with your Department. To prevent having to search through multiple documents and some with similar names due to needing the same document for use in multiple departments - hoping this enhancement with be included with the Registration process move to TWC!
This will save me time when searching to add a new problem. Also, will have the refined ICD-10 instead of searching each time through problems. This would go along with the DFE-1-692/290
Flowcharts can be hard to understand especially for new users. Making them easier to find the spots we need to access when updating or creating flowcharts and making it more user friendly.
I know you are in the process of moving away from Flowcharts into some new documenation options for nursing but until that happens we are still forced to create anything new in the outdated old side of CPSI Thrive UX System Menu so is there anyway to enable Copy Paste functionality while we still have to use these for building? What I mean I have a CPSI Best Practice Flowchart from CPSI that I'm using to build a new Flowchart and it's in an excel spreadsheet so I used that one from CPSI and edited it and moved it around and added and removed lines and basically formatted my entire Flowchart I want to build within this excel spreadsheet and I thought that I could go into TUX > Print Reports > Nursing Chart Masters > chart category > Physical Assessment > user defined PA Category > and basically copy the line from excel and paste into TUX in the Question box but paste doesn't do anything so I went into Thrive Web Client and went into same area and tried it there and paste doesn't work there either so unfortunately now I have to retype ever single question and answer so that is very cumbersome so was hoping it might be easy enough to change something to allow pasting into this area of TUX or Thrive Web Client? If I could already utilize your new documentation option for nursing this wouldn't matter but I have to create a flowchart for our CNAs to document on so I have to use the old stuff.
We are able to upload PDF files in the AP module rather than having to print off the documents and then scan them back in. However, in discussing with the support team in SIT #010092296, this is not a feature in the GL module. This would help save time and resources with having to print off the support and then scan it back into the Images only to throw away the printed copy.
The MSP questions are kind of an after thought with in Evident and very tedious
it is a significant waste of time to move down through various windows to get to a process, like a calculation for a result, and then have to back out of all those pages to go into something else. Having the HBM button available on all windows would allow a user to go to the beginning to move to another process, like testing the calculation.
Now is the right time to move this forward with CPSI as we have acquired new companies and we all need to be able to speak to one another seamlessly through the many different EHR programs/applications we use. I am very flexible in roles and my experience reflects that so please include me on your team.
Change the order of the information to how workflow is actually performed.
These categories should be split. They are not the same. Having to read everything that doesn't pertain to your job doesn't help.
In the TruBride Client Center web portal, there is a bill pay option. However, having a section for pending invoices would help us review and address outstanding invoices more effectively.
Scrolling with a mouse is much easier and quicker than clicking the arrows.
Thrive POC Module, nurses have access to Electronic File Management. However, staff using EDIS Modules to not have access to Electronic File Management. Staff using EDIS Module for Nursing and Quick Registration need the ability to perform scanning and electronic digital signatures for patients. Currently staff using EDIS Module have to make copies/paper forms. Or they have to exit EDIS Module access System Menu, change to registration dept, and access Electronic File Management.
Flowcharts and eforms are cumbersome to use and maintain, it they result in siloed nursing documentation. Notes is not a particularly good alternative for nursing documentation, but ClinDoc would work quite well. Does Evident have any plans (soon) to move nursing documentation to ClinDoc or another improved format?
Ability to assign a note template to a user on the admin side. Users could have the templates they are suppose to use assigned to them without needing to select the asterisk next to the title under the template library or have access to the template library in general.
It would be great if users could sign into WebClient & one of the applications in the application drawer was TruLearn instead of having to click on help then cpsiQ. Then they could click the TruLearn Application and go directly to their TruLearn home page. The log ins should be linked instead of having separate email and password to manage.

It would also be nice if they could see on the application in WebClient if they have notifications in TruLearn. Example, a new course is assigned and a small 1 would show up on the TruLearn application in teh application drawer.
By placing a HOME TAB on all pages will help to prevent carpal tunnel syndrome by not having to click on the back button so often. It's also time consuming and unnecessary to make it so difficult to get back to the base page.
There needs to be better coordination between RCM and Thrive to work the full Revenue Cycle together. It is very segregated and there is not a good established workflow for working the whole revenue cycle. There should be experts when you call in with a support ticket that know both systems inside and out who can help you with what you need to do in both systems if you are using both platforms.
Would like there to be a way to mark an electronic form as a favorite instead of having to search through the list to find the one needed.
Right now it seems like everything is being moved to console, yet we still have to look in patient summary or elsewhere for preventative services. We struggle with a streamlined way to keep track of things and I think console should have an area for this.
We need the option to NOT include stricken/amended data on all POC documents when printing from TWC. We have a specific issue with the Initial Interview. We do not always need the lines stricken through entries, especially when it is just a correction.
This would be a more efficient use of expensive prescription security paper. Some mfg make prescription security paper that is perforated into four equal sized pieces allowing up to four prescriptions to be printed per 8.5x11 sheet.
Registration would like the ability to tab through the registration process and it go left to right in web client
Without having to click in, it would be nice to be able to see if someone is already enrolled in CommonWell.
This would be beneficial for regulatory/legal purposes (for example - needing to produce a flowchart that will quickly show wound care, turning, restraint documentation, etc.) Instead of having to compile this all into a daily progress note which creates excess information and makes it very difficult to identify the data needed.
When nurses document screenings in EDIS it can get rather lengthy. Having the sections list move down the page as they document would prevent them from having to scroll back up and find what section they need to go to next. Even an arrow at the bottom would be useful.
Web Client should let you log back in when timed out and open where you were originally working. This is a very big work flow issue.
Need to add access to Print EMR to Web Client, without need to go to System Menu. Print EMR includes come reports not available anywhere else (Health History, etc.)
DFE-I-455 and DFE-I-466 talk about adding options to the hard coded Method VS question for oxygen therapy. Some options have been added, but there are still things missing from the list such as Ventilator and Venti-mask. We would also like the option for Other to be added back so that staff can free text if needed.
It would be great if the CPSI system integrated with Office 365 Web Version where users do not have installed desktop apps. Currently this only works on some reports when run from the web client dashboard. But due to the POC side and that not all routines are on the web client, 365 online doesn't work and users cannot run reports
I would like to look at each of our clinics and which are tending to have more patients sign up for MyCareCorner and using the portal.
Currently the demographic bar defaults to hiding the third line of information, including allergies. Users have to click the carrot on the right of the demographic bar to open the information every time for every user. Not only is this poor workflow, it is potentially dangerous -- allergies should be readily visible.
If providers want to edit transcriptions from Web Client, they must have first have authorized the "protocol handler" from the pop-up. To even get this pop-up, security to access TUX System Menu from TWC must be added to the role/UBL. Furthermore, Evident advised that, "this will need to done per applicable network user and per device...if using thin clients or vmware...that erases the session information after the user has logged out, so these steps will need to be performed each time the user logs in". This is not user-friendly functionality and is hugely displeasing to providers. Additionally, the advised workaround is to revert to TUX, which we are told we must move away from and we have worked hard to convince providers to switch to TWC. A solution that removes all of these steps for the end user is needed.
Have a way to save a work flow for things you do daily or frequently as a favorite like running an adhoc report or doing repetitive entry. You would click on the favorite and it would go through the necessary button clicks to do that work.
The 3R payroll register should be able to show auditable information both from an internal review process but also for annual audits. The one available through Evident provided all the needed information in one consolidated report compared to 3R and having to pull multiple reports.
To help capture data specifically for Behavioral health that has to be accounted for every discharge patient for the year and submitted the following year. Also detailed care plans specific to Behavioral health. 

Or better way to build our own. Currently we are using eforms. Not very efficient for multiple users for same document. This would help any facility with inpatient facility 
All CPSI/Trubridge employees should know what's new and what's in developing. I have found that there are times that our facility know more about your changes than your own employees do.
right now our nurses are printing eforms that are discharge instructions, having patient sign, then scanning back in. We want the option to open eforms on a tablet and use a tablet pen for patients to sign in the signature area. Cerner and Epic have this function and scanning documents back in defeats the purpose of electronical record.
If e-forms are not going away like initially thought, it would be nice to have filters added to on the build side. Filter to see forms you only want to see. when you have a lot if e-forms it is a lot of scrolling and when you have multiple people constructing e-forms and they have e-forms under construction it would be nice not to see this
With the TWC, customizing the navigation pane by moving options into a desired orders is great! What would be even better is having the ability to remove options altogether. Certified Nursing Assistants do not need to even see all of the options available to them, same with other roles in the system. Also, it would be nice to remove options from the application drawer as well.
The variance reports are cumbersome. You are pushing the web client side which intern I am pushing with my staff but now I have to tell them they will have to go back to the UX side for variance reports since they are working for some and not others on the web client side. Web client shouldn't have been pushed until all aspects were working. Having to go back and forth is difficult for staff.
Printing the patient chart is taking a very long time. Path HBM- enter patient number- Medical records- Print electronic records. Many applications allow 1000s of pages to be printed to pdf in a matter of minutes. But printing patient chart from Thrive UX takes a very long time. Sometimes it errors out and doesn't print at all and sometimes it misses pages as well. It is a major issue, especially when the hospital needs full patient chart for justice center. It will be great if evident can use new technology to make the printing chart process more efficient.
apps for easy access to CPSIQ and Thrive UX. People are mobile and if we can do everything from the app, it would be great.
In Centriq, a person with permissions could go into patient registration and access the scanned images. Those images could be renamed if, say, someone were to make a tyypping error! As it is now, the best practice recommended is to print out the scanned image and rescan.
TUX had the users name, facility and currently logged into department in the upper R of the blue bar at the top. I do not easily see this information when logged in to TWC. Being a Rural hospital our users change rolls and departments even facilities at times. They need to easily see what facility and department they are in and the ubl would also be a good addition as some users have multiple profiles. Also there needs to be an easy way in TWC to change your department without the need to access the TUX screens.
Currently you can scan documentation against expenses. Would like the option to scan documentation again time off request such as doc excuses, obits for bereavement, jury duty summons, conferences/workshop certificates or agendas, etc.


Topic  1:
----------
For patient safety, the entry of height and weight should be a hard stop prior to administering any medication.
Would like to be able to quickly see what time a medication was given when verifying orders without having to open Charts, open the patient's chart, and then open the MAR. This would help with assigning an appropriate start time to a medication if that medication (or a similar medication) has previously been administered.
This would be HUGE for patient safety! Most titration medications are high risk meds.
When a medication needs titration it will show in Order Chron but it would be more convenient to monitor if times due and titrated were visible on the MAR
Requesting development with weight-based medications so the EMR is intuitive enough to calculate the medication dose based on weight ( in MG and NOT ML's). Examples include Heparin drips, Insulin Drips, etc., This is a significant patient safety concern with high-risk medications.
We need to ensure tasks are activated as scheduled for patient safety
In the MAR, change the Infusion Stop option to read Infusion Paused. The STOP seems to get confused with COMPLETE, which is the option that drives the calculation of Infusion Time. There is already a DF Idea to change Given to Start when an IV dose is started.
Diagnosis with known medication contraindications, no warning on medication order entry for medications that should be contraindicated for specific diseases. (AHMC ranked list #4/ situation # 9748469)
Free text entry of route of administration should not be allowed when entering medication orders. This will cause the MAR to lock up and all meds to be inaccessible to any nurse for that patient until the medication is dc'd and reordered with a route of administration selected from the dropdown box. This can cause significant delays in patient care and is a patient safety issue.
Would be helpful to be able to sort medications on MAR alphabetically to quickly locate a single medication for review.
when requiring a PRN reason this could result in multiple orders for one medication. It is a safety concern with our nursing staff being unable to tell which order is for which indication until double clicking and opening the order. It would be nice if it showed on the intial MAR so you could see the indication with all the orders. See attached screenshot of multiple tylenol orders that you are unable to see the reason for until opening each order.
Allow nurse to add a time filter to cover just their shift on the patient medication list. We used the Scheduled Med Report to remind us of times for medications. Medications were still pulled and administered according to the MAR. The report helped when there were meds scheduled outside of the usual BID,QID med times.
We would like to be able to customize labels that the nurses are able to print from the MAR without the scheduled frequency and with instructions in layman's terms in order to be able to use as a take home medication label when pharmacy is not on-site.
Just had an order for LORazepam (ATIVAN) 1 MG TAB 0.5 MG IV PRN Q6H. This should not be possible.
As discussed in the Medication Safety class at conference with Michelle Mason. It is not self directing, nor does it look well when being surveyed to say "GIVEN" for an IVF. It should say Infusion Started, then this could create a task or a color on the MAR to stop the fluid, and this would be more self-directing to users to know it needs "Infusion Completed" Also this stops surveyors from thinking you have "GIVEN" an entire insulin drip in a second.
When we go to the "due" tab on our MAR it shows all scheduled medications. Can we change this back to medications that are due within the next hour? There's already a tab for scheduled medications and PRN. I feel like the "due" tab should be for meds that are due in a certain time period.
Newest guidelines for dosing of Xarelto needs creatinine clearance calculated with Cockcroft Gault Actual Body Weight as a choice in system. Some medications require Actual Body Weight Creatinine Clearance to dose.
We would like medication orders for certain medications entered by pharmacy, nursing and physicians via the pharmacy or CPOE to require a stop date or a duration of therapy (# of days or doses).
Would be super helpful from a nursing and pharmacy side to be able to add a color to the MAR for any med our facility denotes as a time critical med. Would help with DNV and CMS standard compliance!
Allergy verification should be a hard stop like height and weight. Also, we need the option to verify allergies every shift.
When providers, nursing or pharmacy are discontinuing medication orders, there should be a box with either a drop down selection of reasons for discontinuation or the option to free text why something is being discontinued.
Need the ability to add Minimum Time Between PRN Doses for PRN Frequencies in the IV Frequency Table
Providers that use medications in procedural areas (anesthesia, OR, conscious sedation) need a MAR that does not require orders, because they are licensed independent practitioners administering the medication, but allows for the selection of a medication they are using to provide details of administration, including charge at admin and dose given/wasted.
When a medication is labeled pt own med, the medications do not charge because it believes the patient is getting the medication from patient's own supply. When a scan occurs on these meds there needs to be an alert that pops up that this medication is from patient's own supply of medications.
This is causing the medication to drop off the medication profile in Omnicell and the users have to use override to retrieve the medication. We do not have a pharmacist on site 24/7 and anytime a user has to override a medication profile that is an increase for medication error, which as you know, this could be potentially a huge patient safety concern.
Change the font color red and bold on override drop downs. Nurses are bypassing as the black, simple font is not catching their eye. Having issues in MAR when meds are given early/late and the over ride is just being selected, rather than being read.
Wanting IV fluids to calculate automatically for weight-based dosing

Ex: Patient needs NS 30ml/per kg based on weight the order would calculate total dose needing to be infused.
save time when pt are on multiple meds and they were all taken the same day and time for the last dose
When Pharmacy Verifies can free text unit if mis-match to unit table causes charging issues. I propose that the unit field in Pharmacy Verification is a drop down to the units attached to that medication. see SIT#10126490
Staff should not have the ability to DISCONTINUE a medication from the administration screen. Meds should only be discontinued from the order chronology. This is a huge safety issue that allows for staff to accidentally discontinue the entire order.
Eye meds are given pre-operatively Q5MIN X 3 doses - unable to set a frequency for Q5MIN; must set PRN Q5MIN X3 doses and give the correct number of doses which is not technically PRN
Sit#9876322 Field does not default to ordered dose, but requires nurse to enter dose given. Also if dose entered incorrectly dose is accepted with no alert warning. (Current owners Brent Runkle, Michelle Mason, Denise Wilson) (-From AHMC Ranked List #1)
When the height/weight are missing and pharmacy tries to enter an order it goes to the allergy screen. This bug was introduced several months ago, if not 2-3 years, and really should be fixed by now.
It would be great to be able to filter PRN meds out separately from scheduled meds in Orders Chronology.
see attached information regarding urgent patient safety issue
We have experienced a lapse in treatment administration being done by nursing staff. Having a TAR that they have to physically chart off the treatments would assist in avoiding missing treatments. At this time we either utilize the order chron (which does not require akowledgement) or placing treatments on the MAR ( affects our scanning percentages).
Outside agencies are requesting (24 hours in advance) a list of Ordered & Completed Meds as well as an Indication for each med. We are utilizing Notes for a quick summary of what the patient will be transferring with. This would be very helpful to the physicians that are already choosing an indication when they are prescribing.
It's easy on a busy nursing unit to forget about documenting IV infusion Stop times or Infusion Completed times. The ability to set up hard stops in regards to Stop Infusion and Infusion Complete for the MAR and order detail is needed to help nurses remain compliant. When Infusion complete times are neglected, it can have a major impact on reimbursement as the infusion can only be billed as an IV Push without a documented completed time.
There needs to be a way to associate a standard time with hours between doses or days of the week in the frequency table to account for medications like Fosamax, Trulicity, Ozempic which should be given at a specific time once weekly or Warfarin 5 and 7.5 which are given on alternating days, but should be given at the same time each day. This should be available to decrease the risk of error and make order entry easier for providers.
Would like the ability to filter out PRN medications from the Unaddressed Medications discharge checklist status . Also would like Unaddressed Ancillary orders (which listed as not required in set-up) to not trigger nurses to complete, making them override.
In an effort to properly dose medications for our patients, we would like a pop up screen that requires verification each time a weight is entered and it is +/- 20% patient's last weight or if the height changes at all.
The format of the discharge instructions is not good. The medication frequency does not crosswalk (BID to twice a day)  the patients need to able to identity important information and need to be able to understand how to take their medications. 
When IV stop time is entered by nursing staff in MAR the volume is pulled into the intake of I/O's. This will increase accuracy of I/O's and prompt nursing staff to complete stop times as mandated by CMS and billing.
For high-alert medications or intricate orders requiring timing/date changes, or any other rare occurrence a pharmacist would need to watch for while verifying, we would like the ability to create a pop-up alert for the pharmacist when verifying the order. And for that alert to follow to the nursing staff as well. A heparin BID to start Post-op day 1 @ 0900 is a perfect example. If we could create a pop-alert on that order to follow through to pharmacy to verify the correct date/time of the 1st administration, then perhaps we could avoid the missed dose that so often occurs when pharmacy misses the fact the provider did not adjust the start date/time on that order, and nursing would be lerted that it should start the next day as well.
Nursing would like to see a discharge med list that specifically states what home meds to continue, what home meds need to stop or were changed, what new meds were ordered without having to hand write whether to continue or d/c. If we could even just be able to have a PDF print button available on the med rec screen that could be helpful
Currently - the follow up med re-assessment can be built to a certain medication ITEM or ROUTE. Most of the time, we really only want a follow up reason on PRN medications, not scheduled meds. We really need the capability to only program this when the med is ordered PRN so nurses don't get overwhelmed with a large amount of re-assessments that are not clinically significant AND that we are not missing follow ups that ARE clinically significant just to reduce the trash they are getting with the current functionality.
There needs to be a mechanism to restart medications from DC'd medication (clinic, not inpatient). That way, especially if a medication was accidentally discontinued, but also those that have been discontinued due to non-use or they were acute medications, we (providers) can restart at the same dosage/instructions as was previously effective.
This report could be useful for infusion times which assists with charges to a patient. As it is now this report is useless because it shows the start and stop times of the overall times not the individual start and stop times of each individual administration.
The MAR/ Order chronology need to display the dose that needs to be administered when an IV antibiotic or IV with a component rather in addition and more so than the flowrate. Not being able to see this at the front level and having to know (through extensive training/education) that the components is where you look for the dosage is a patient safety issue and sets the nurse up for failure and mistakes to be made. It should clearly show on the MAR

IV medication name mixed in IVF

Dose: 1000 mg in NS 50 mL

Flowrate: 100 ml/hr

AND the medication label that is printed out for this order should clearly say the dosage as well.
There is not a hard stop for nursing not to administer orders if the nurse enters them. This system needs to have a hard stop if orders aren't verified by pharmacy. Without this we are not in compliance with Nebraska statute 38.2867.02. This is also necessary to prevent errors and is a patient safety issue.
Route of administration of medication should be limited to only the appropriate route of administration. Identified during leap frog. (AHMC ranked itemj#6/ situation # 9748469)
During medication administration nurses should be scanning the patient wristband for Med Verify. Currently, scanning patient labels is allowed which enables a nurse to scan the patient name and then medications before they ever reach the patient bedside. This defeats the whole point of barcode scanning medications and is a potential patient safety issue. The risk to patients can be minimized by altering the wristband so the scanner is able to differentiate a barcode on the wristband vs one on a patient label.
We have providers who have voiced that they would love it if when a cardiac related medication is ordered, that nursing staff have to enter the blood pressure and heart rate into the medication area prior to administering. This would create a checks and balances while also reminding nursing staff that these medications require certain checks prior to administration for best practice and patient safety.
The ID Panel has only a tiny symbol to indicate that allergies are present? I cannot emphasize enough that this is not safe functionality. Allergies should be open at all times on the ID Panel. Full stop.
Having order details on the med administration screen would decrease time looking for information and promote safe medication administration. If you have to leave med admin to look for the ordered flow rate or additional instructions it is more likely to be missed.
PLEASE UPDATE THE PATIENT D/C INSTRUCTIONS SO IT WILL SHOW NEW, CHANGED OR STOPPED MEDICATIONS. THIS IS A SIGNIFICANT PATIENT SAFETY NEED
It is a TJC requirement for the last dose date/time to be listed on the discharge med list. We are not getting buy-in from providers when it comes to entering the last date/time of med administration when performing D/C med rec/e-scribing.
Need a better system for capturing IV stop or completion times if there isn't a possibility of interfacing with smart pumps. Would like to see a notification for nursing based on the pharmacy set-up of item and not the overdue med response option currently in item set-up as there is no report of missed assessments.
Currently dose checking does not occur on pharmacy items built as IV orders (multi-component order). I am not sure what triggers dose checking but I assume the NDC. I cannot imagine that the top item in the multiple component order at minimum could not be sent for dose checking.
We treat all Dressing Changes and Accuchecks like a medication and have them on our MAR. This is a workflow that has been in place when we were on paper, while on Healthland Classic, and Healthland Centriq. We continue to have these on our MAR in TruBridge/Thrive but they will not show up on the Med Rec at the time of discharge. We assigned them an NDC so that the Thrive system would treat them like all medications, but they will not show up on our Med Rec at discharge and the nurses are having to literally write them in by hand. This is a continuity of care issue that can be easily missed for patients that are going home or to another facility. We are aware that these are not actual drugs, but since we have assigned an NDC to each of them, we want the ability for these items to act like actual drugs and follow the same process that other drugs follow. This seems an easy path since the process worked in Classic and Centriq. Can Thrive/Trubridge make this happen? Many thanks for the consideration.
Currently, there is a dose field which works great for oral medications. Unfortunately for IVs it pulls the flow rate. Both flow rate and medication dose should be available for nursing to see to prevent medication errors. Pulling flow rate to medication dose is understandable with some variable dose titrating IVs but most IVs (antibiotics etc...) have a set dose and this should be present on the notes flowsheet. Example: Ancef 2gm/NS 100ml. The dose is not 100 ml/hr, the dose is 2 gm.
The pharmacist should get a sound notification when a new medication is placed in the EHR for a patient so they know to verify it, we are currently having to call her
this would lessen the amount of infusion complete and stop times that are being missed.
Can a dispensing note or something be build on the MAR so that nurses can let pharmacy know of new starts on the weekends or after hours? Also can the trough order be placed next to the dose before it's due so that it can remind the nurses not to hang the dose until lab draws trough?
Medication on Hard Stop does not send alert to physician to renew medication and does not print on report for medications expiring. (AHMC ranked item list #10/ situation # 9916248)
Add the ability to set at the item level if a med should pull to the pain flow sheet, rather than nursing having to always check the box on the EMAR (if PRN pain reason is not selected), this would be for scheduled meds.
Due to patient safety we think it is important you give the facility the option to turn on or turn off the ability for medications to be verified by pharmacy staff prior to dropping to the MAR in the EDIS module. We believe not having the option to have medications verified by pharmacy increases error and risk by our nursing staff.
We would like to see a medication filter in NOTES that pulls the infusion completion time as well as the start time
Duration of therapy needs to be a requirement at order entry. Whoever is entering the order should be required to put in a stop day and time indicating how long the patient is to receive the antimicrobial. Not only is this necessary to optimize therapy and patient safety, this is a condition of antimicrobial stewardship participation.
We would like to see a new pending action in Medication Reconciliation titled: Hold Med. When a patient is discharged sometimes the Hospitalist desires to direct a patient hold a med until they can follow-up with their PCP. This happens in the ED as well. Hold would keep the med on the patient Home med list. Ideally it would indicate it is on hold. When the patient followed up with their PCP they could then reconcile the patient to continue or discontinue the med. If the Hospitalist discontinues the med then it falls off the patient home med list which is not desirable. We would also use this when a patient goes to surgery to Hold all active meds. We would then like an action to Resume all active meds when the patient returns which reactivates the prior CPOE order. Today we have to use CPOE as the desintation and are essentially reordering the active meds which is unnecessary in many instances. Held meds should show on the MAR as held and in order Chron as held. When they are released to Resume they should allow admin on the MAR and show active in order chron.
If the initial reviewer of meds in the clinic puts in a medication instruction incorrectly, for example once daily instead of twice daily, you need to put in the medication all over again if in Med Rec. This is cumbersome and prone to error.

If you only do it in Rx Entry, then the home meds filter does not accurately reflect what the patient is actually taking

Suggestion: Like in Rx Entry, be able to adjust medication instructions or dosing without having to start over.
ED nurses must complete a reassessment of medications, and I believe implementing a dedicated reassessment icon on the ED tracking board would be beneficial. A reassessment icon would offer a visual cue that there it is time to reassess medications. This would be great for patient safety, enhance communication, and improve overall workflow. This could be similar or the same as present in the Inpatient units.
Would like a pop-up alert in the order entry application for medication orders asking providers if they would lie to start this med now. We've have several med errors or near misses on medication defaulting to the default time of 0800.
I have been asked several times about providing a report that shows that medication reassessment is being completed. I can track this if they are using the flowchart for reassessment(albeit very cumbersome). It would be great if there was a report using the Medication Reassessment within the MAR.
There are medication verification compliance reports for employees/departments, but it does not show which medications were not scanned. It only shows the total number of medications. If a report can specify which medications are given but not scanned, it will help pharmacy identify which medications need to be investigated why they are not scanning properly.
The Thrive pharmacy system menu order entry allows the pharmacist to 'override' an 'hours between doses' frequency by changing from a standard time to a non-standard time. When placing a time in the non-standard time field, it removes the 'hours between doses' time and causes the medication to show on the MAR DAILY even though it was ordered with an 'hours between doses' frequency such as Q72 hr.

The system should not allow the pharmacy user to change the time in the non-standard times field when an 'hours between doses' frequency is ordered. If a frequency such as Q72 hr is chosen, only the fields such as 1st Dose Date/Time and Start Date/Time should be able to be modified. The other fields should be greyed out so the 'hours between doses' field is not altered and the frequency overridden.

The way the verification is now allows for potential harm to the patient due to the possibility of a medication error.
Neither option allows last dose given to be seen from the console, this would be helpful to see when it was last given without having to open the MAR
We would like to be able to assign reassessment by frequency, such as PRN. We have some medications that are given scheduled or PRN, the current set up in the drug item there is no delineation. So, if a patient is ordered the scheduled med Bisacodyl but we have that selected for reassessment because it is used as a PRN order then nurses are getting flagged to reassess a scheduled med. We would like more options to assign reassessments.

Currently there is functionality to assign reassessments by the route table, we would never use that. Hopefully functionality can be added to assign reassessment by frequency.
In Centriq we were able to add hours or days to medications for a start time. Most helpful for 1. patients with multiple antibiotics - you could set the second antibiotic to start in 1 hour. Helps prevent late entry alerts also and also you could prioritize which one was first, second, etc. 2. when the dose changes on the second dose. For example for Group B strep the first Ampicillin dose is 2 gms and the subsequent doses are 1 gm - you could set that second dose to start in 4 hours.
SAFER CPOE 2.5 recommends: Duplicate order checking occurs for high risk medication, diagnostic tests, and procedure orders (excluding "as needed" [PRN] medications).

CPOE presents a warning for all categories of duplicate orders - many of these are unnecessary warning/stops/clicks for the user/provider leading to alert fatigue.

Based on their recommendations, there is potential for improved safety features and reduced alert fatigue regarding duplicate alerts. Having a discussion with your user groups is a great place to start.

▪ Therapeutic duplication checking that occurs before new medication orders are submitted (e.g., two orders for the same or two different beta-blockers are placed) is carefully implemented and monitored. Note that there are situations where it is clinically indicated to prescribe duplicate therapies. For example, duplicate alerts should NOT fire for an order for an IV bolus, followed by an order for a continuous drip of the same medication.

▪ There are rules to determine how and when diagnostic tests or procedures receive duplicate checking before they are ordered. - I believe there could be improvements in the duplicate checking/notifications for ancillary services.

▪ Duplicate checking does not include PRN (i.e., as needed) medication orders. - currently when duplicate therapy checking is turned on, it does not exclude PRN meds.

▪ PRN orders should not include overlapping criteria (e.g., for pain 1-3, give aspirin AND for pain 2-4, give Vicodin). - we currently manage this through instructions that require the provider to enter the pain scale however there is no monitoring or hard stops.
Since a prn indication of use is required for all orders that have a prn frequency, we need the ability to set indication required for meds with all of those frequencies. We could still set the possible indications on the medication itself, but only require it if it has a prn frequency. Setting it on the medication would require it every time it is ordered, which is required some meds like antibiotics, but not all. For other meds, we only need to required the indication if it is ordered prn.
When I build order sets and enter PRN medications, there isn't an option or drop down to fill in PRN indications. In turn, if a provider uses the order set and chooses one of the PRN medications, they are then expected to use the drop down and select the PRN indication. If we could establish that in the order set build it would eliminate a step for providers.
It is my understanding that CPSI may have an interface for this....nurses have to take the cart to the patients room in order to scan for one prn medication. It would be easier with a wireless scanner. Respiratory therapy could use it as well.
When people change pharmacies, it would be nice to remove them from the drop down on prescription entry. This causes many issues with meds going to the wrong pharmacy.
When you are entering an order for IVF and you add a component to it like an antibiotic or another medication, that needs to show up on the MAR and in order chronology on the initial screen. We need to be able to see what is actually being ordered without having to double click into the IV Fluids and see it.
Would like the medications for PEDS patients to auto-calculate the dose based on the patients Weight and Condition. It should only have to choose the dosing ("90mg per kg per day) and the amount of days and it should fill out the individual dose, days supply, and Dispense qty.
The MAR needs more warnings (pop up screens, color change) notifying staff if they are giving a future dose and not the most current dose. There is a small warning, but easy to click through. Also, when future doses are given they "disappear" off the MAR, so accidental documenting the wrong dose can lead to future medication errors. This is a huge safety issue that is easy to do in the current set up of the MAR and how it currently functions. More safety features need to be built into the current Thrive MAR.
Currently you can only change pharmacy hours by all weekdays and weekends. Our pharmacy closes early on Fridays so we have to manually change the hours on Friday and back again on Monday. We should be able to set it per day instead of just M-F.
The current Flowrate table in the Pharmacy department tables only allows one table entry for infusion rates. If all you're administering are antibiotics and hydration then it's fine, but some infusions that are titrated are more accurately documented in the unit of measure they're administered...both when ordered by a provider and documented by nursing. For Example, when a provider orders a Norepinephrine drip starting at 2cg/min and to titrate by 2mcg every 2-5 minutes. In addition for meds like the example, using the word "Dose" instead of "Flowrate" on the Medication Order Edit screen would be consistent with how it appears on the Medication Administration screen. See the attachments
Pharmacy has the ability to package medications based on med pass, so a pouch will contain multiple medications. The pouch would be printed with a QR or Barcode that contains all medication Rx numbers in the pouch concatenated with a ; between each medication Rx number. Need the ability for the system to recognize this multiple rx scan and mark all medications appropriately.
It is important that ALL listed home medications display on the home meds card. Additionally, show the checkmark/question mark just like in Med Rec to indicated to the user what has and has not been confirmed.
Right now there is only an option for a "STAT" dose of medication, which most of the time isn't necessary. Usually, patients just need a "now" dose of medication because the order is past the scheduled daily dose. We are trying to get medical staff to stop ordering things "STAT" that are really meant to be "NOW" orders.
Currently if a nurse places an order, the system does not respect the table and set up for how orders need to flow to pharmacy during pharmacy hours. This table needs to be set up so that regardless of who places the order, the order must go to pharmacy first for processing before a nurse can document against it; based upon the hours set up in teh table.
Please add another button/option called "Unable to confirm home medications" that require a reason to be entered (i.e., "med bottles not available", "Pharmacy closed", "Unknown dosage").


We have EDIS, when the patient isn't able to confirm a dose of a medication we have to confirm the potentially incorrect dose so that the medication shows up in the provider Notes and D/C Instructions. If we choose "unable to verify meds" - those meds are not listed anywhere (Notes or D/C Instructions). In addition, modify the filter for home medications in Notes to allow the facility to include unconfirmed home meds, or not to include those medications. Adding the third option would help when a patient is admitted, they would not be admitted with incorrect home medications (the visit # follows the patient). I would want to be able to report how many times the "Unable to confirm home medications" button was used.
My meds: a current list of medications to be reviewed by patient themselves wether they take them or not with a feature that alerts to potential poly pharmacy issues or conflicting medications to bring to their provider to help prevent medication related medical emergencies such as syncope episodes. This would also integrate with med reconciliation efforts for clinic visits, ER admissions, and acute hospital stays.
For ED transfer patients given a x1 dose in ED and there is a new order for the same medication. We would like a warning that a dose was given and the new order needs to be retimed. For example, Rocephin was given as x1 in ED and the admitting provider orders Rocephin Q12. If the new order hasn't been retimed by the provider, it shows due. Is there a way to add a warning that it has already been given?
It is notorious that providers will add another medication for patients to use at home upon discharge. Once the Med Rec is done, it is done. Would like the ability to modify it so that meds print out correctly for the patient.
The PRN reason for the medication should display on the eMAR. This will allow nurses to easily find a medication to give for the condition being treated. For instance, there may be several medications prescribed for different pain levels. This would help the nurse find the medication for the moderate pain the patient is currently reporting.
When a client has a remote pharmacy with a second medication label printer there should be the ability when printing a medication label from Point of Care Order Detail to select an alternate printer. The nursing station department contains the default Medication TTY for Zebra printer at the nursing station, but should be able to send a medication label to the alternate printer at the remote pharmacy location whether onsite or offsite.
For observation charges need to pull information from different parts of the chart including any start and stop times of all IV infusions, any IV push, IM, SC injection administration times. have attached what I would like to pull into the report to facilitate easier charge correction.


Topic  2:
----------
PROVIDERS SHOULD HAVE FILTERS WITHIN THERE TASK FOLDERS.
The abnormal lab folder on the providers home screen should open to the comparative lab table when selecting a abnormal lab so they can see comparative results.
With the new Notes Task List Folder, you need the availability to open the chart when editing the note. With the way it is set up you have to go back to select the patient on that day or type in their visit number.
Providers want their Credentials to show when the Attending Provider name is pulled into the Demographics filter in Note
SAFER Assessment Test Results Reporting and Follow-up 2.11 recommends that results notifications are limited to those that are clinically relevant to minimize "alert fatigue" The way the current abnormal lab results folder is designed create alert fatigue.

We would like to recommend a task for Critical Lab Results as defined by lab setup so there can be a HS folder for the most critical of patient results to bring them to the forefront for the provider.

To reduce the abnormal lab results folder, we would like to be able to set which tests and test components we want to alert to the abnormal lab results folder if abnormal. For example in a CBC it might only be the WBC, Hgb, Hct, Platelets that a provider wants to see abnormals on and not the other components. Then if a patient meets the criteria, all results for this patient in a comparative lab format should be in the folder for the provider to view, not just individual test results. At least as a setup option.
Notes lab filters formatted as lists should display the abnormal results in red, the same way that they are set up in table format. This will allow providers to easily distinguish abnormal results within the lists. Some providers prefer having the lab filter in list format over table format because it takes up less space in the note, but they do not have the advantage of easily finding the abnormal results that the Table format has. Displaying the abnormal results in red for the Lab Filter List would allow equal benefits for users using the different formats, and providers will be able to identify critical results to which they have addressed or plan to address in their Note.
We would like to have the ability to filter between clinic and hospital patients in this folder.
Allow the ability to create a Most Recent Results Lab filter in Notes that would pull all latest results of collected specimens during the patient's visit. There have been a few requests from providers to have this filter in their Notes.
We would like to be able to filter out visits that display by service code. We create some visits that are billing only visits or administrative visits that will never be useful to see on the encounter history card and won't have notes attached to them. It would be useful if we would have a filter to filter by service code.
Providers are inundated with "New Lab Results to Review" in their lab screen folder and can easily get behind with acknowledging results in busy clinics. There's no way to search folders by account number or name and results populate the folder as OLDEST to NEWEST with no way to reverse the viewing order. This is a patient safety issue and it's made worse by the fact that there's not a way to filter Micro Culture results from other results. The task "Summarized Micro Lab Results" hasn't worked for years now. So everything is lumped into the task "Summarized Lab Results". Providers are not going to sort through the folder to find culture results. The process to review culture results, especially with the regulatory requirements for Antimicrobial Stewardship taking affect needs to be greatly improved. We'd like to be able to have a folder SPECIFICALLY for culture results and feel it will significantly decrease the potential for missed positive results. Attached is one example ...
Several of our providers would like to filter the lab results. They do not want the entire CBC, CMP, etc. in their Note. They want the option to pull just abnormal values from a test or build a filter that has WBC, Hgb, Hct, Platelets, K+, Na+, etc.
A way to track physician visits and have a comphrensive H&P and copy forward progress note that isn't just a blank space built into forms/templates.
Recognize if a patient is scheduled for more than 1 task on same day and not allow auto create of multiple visits.
Clinic providers want to be able to attach an informal permanent note to a lab or x-ray result that documents informing the patient of the results and any actions they have taken to address those results. (i.e. ordered additional tests, increased, decreased or changed medication).
When a provider is going off shift and needs to hand off his unfinished notes to the on coming provider there should be an option in the Notes Task List Drafts to re-assign a Draft to the on-coming provider as a Hand-Off note so that the notification will be redirected from the first (authoring provider) to the second (assuming provider) Note Task List folder without the need to go view another providers folders.
Linking appointments should not show old visits that have been linked. it so confusing
Create an security to disable auto-open for "create a note" when you go into "Notes" and allow it to be a permission changed by user, role or everyone.
when doing refill from the task screen if its not matching up you have no way of going into the chart to make changes from there
An option to export the current calendar view (Day, Week, Month) as an ICS file for import into another application such as Outlook. Event titles could be the task/procedure with no PII included.
They have task list for draft notes but there is no badge alert on the main screen where all the providers are and there is not an alert for when there is no note opened for a patient
On the recent lab trend card as it is now it shows the trend by panel rather than individual test. We compare the labs for the last year and if the patient had a BMP at most visits but had a CMP at one, the results of the CMP are listed separately so we cannot get a true comparison.
SAFER Test Results Reporting and Follow-up recommendation 2.16: Test results can be sorted in the clinician's EHR inbox according to clinically relevant criteria (e.g. date/time, severity, hospital location, patient).

Other than creating several home screen folders to slice and dice once inside the folder, there is no way to sort the alerts. I have made other suggestions on HS folder setup but maybe it would be best to have one large results "dashboard" type HS task and the provider has the ability to filter and sort to see critical results, abnormal results, results by patient, results received by date, labs with rad and so on.

I have a vague recollection that CPSI may be working on this or maybe I dreamed it. Thus the Dream Factory Idea :)
At one time the ordering provider was rolled out in HS Folder setup as either a subscription or task type but it was not designed well. Doing the SAFER assessment I went to review it's functionality and no longer see it as an option. That being, I would like to provider feedback on the need for this and how it could work:

1. Set up as a Subscription Type - drawing from CPOE ordering provider
2. Allow use in all the lab folder setups AND in the Radiology folder. Not just one big folder for all ordering provider results and not just for lab results but also abnormal lab task type and summarized lab reults task type. Radiology task type transcription.

Today, If Dr. Susan orders a test and registration enters the attending physician as someone else then Dr. Susan never gets the test results in her HS folder. Resulting should not be dependent on registration. With electronic resulting, anything the lab does to route the results also has no bearing on results reporting under the current design.

With setting up an ordering physician subscription, we would also want to be able to release future orders for multiple physicians on the same account number. This would prevent billing from having to combine accounts on the back end. This is secondary and should not hold up design of the ordering provider subscription type.
We have patients review their demographics page upon check-in for clinic visits, it would be helpful to have a way to batch print facesheets for the entire schedule at once.
Sites can enter guarantor notes, but there is no way to see that a note is on the account other than going to notes and clicking on the guarantor note. This is not very helpful. There needs to be some indicator that a guarantor note exists - even if it is dual purpose indicator that a note - regular or guarantor - exists and they have to determine which.
It would be nice to be able to allow Lab or Radiology to select mulitple ordering providers on an account so that we only need one visit for the day which requires manually combining of bills to one.
Would like a way that you can set parameters to tell the system when you would want to auto combine accounts for billing. Example: two hospital outpatient type visits the same day, can only have one bill.
When using Pt Connect to send texts to patients. Would like a way to turn off texts to patients on just some of the task descriptions. Otherwise, system sends multiple messages.
Our providers used the Open Chart function in the draft notes task folder all the time. Now they are having to search the patients name manually anytime they need to open a chart that they are still working on.
As we move providers to Notes, they are finding out that they can no longer pick which lab data they want in their note like in PhysDoc. Multiple providers have voiced that this was an extremely helpful feature and they could select data from different dates to show comparisons in their note. They are also complaining that the lab filters are too bulky and make the Note pages longer than it should be. It would be great if the function to select lab data like in PhysDoc could be applied to Notes or Patient Data Console.
When the Communication Center Mailbox has a patient attached and the visits pop up, it would be nice to have better information attached or be able to select the exact account you want the physician/recipient to reference.
Currently when a Pathology is resulted there's no alert for home screen folders that indicate a result is available. The only notification seen in the Lab folder says "New Lab Results to Review"; which is essentially useless since that's ALL that appears when the task Summarized Lab Results is used. A provider needs to KNOW the acct number, when it's selected from the Lab Folder, the Lab Results tab opens, but as a scanned image, the report isn't available in lab results. Providers need to select "Open Chart", then either select "Alerts" Find the scanned image title and select it to open the report and finally Acknowledge it.


To Summarize:

Step 1: Provider needs acct #

Step 2: Select acct from lab folder

Step 3: Open chart from Results summary Screen

Step 4: Select Alerts from App Menu in patient chart

Step 5: Select Pathology from Alert screen

Step 6: With report open, Select Acknowledge


Providers absolutely HATE this process. They should be able to receive alerts on their home screen that open directly to Pathology reports and any other diagnostic test/exam they need to address.
When a provider selects multiple labs in clinical history then views via Result/TXN there are only forward and previous buttons. Please add the Note button so if a provider wants to add a Note/send a chart communication to staff they can do so. If the provider views an individual lab, this option is present.
Would like to have a note filter to pull future scheduled appointments into a note.
When we are monitoring our Associated accounts in Note Task List we have to open the chart to see when the Note was actually signed verses the Charted date. A better workflow would have that information already in Note Task List.
Provide an option for clinicians to create a new encounter directly from the scheduler. Once selected, the task will prompt for a task type, but will automatically associate the appropriate date and time; eliminating the need to go through scheduling process for clinicians seeing walk-in patients.
So that when you make a Note filter change & there are Notes that you don't want the changes to go into AND you don't want to have to build another filter to add into the filter chaos & then you have to search through 250 Notes to see if the Note filter is in a Note because you don't want to change 83 of the Notes but need to change 128 of the Notes and the other Notes need the filter removed. Would be nice if there was a similar feature like Note phrase, telling you which Note they are in.
It would be amazing to have a dynamic task list in Tasks (TWC) for users like PT, OT, ST, respiratory, and so on to manage tasks/consults/screenings.
The Notes Draft Report should have the Note ID to better identify which note has not been signed, for troubleshooting too.
Most abnormal lab results do display in red, however, abnormal panel results and cultures do not. I would be great to these abnormal results emphasized through red text throughout the system in the future!
Note favorite list is to congested for those that have multiple notes. I there away to bulliet point them or number them?
There are times when a draft note needs to be printed, such as, if the patient is being transferred and we wish to send a note that the provider has in draft.
ED Providers get a notification in their Unsigned Drafts folder on their tasks page. At shift change the Provider that is handing off to the the on coming Provider needs the ability to reassign the task for Unsigned Draft Notes to the on coming Provider for patients that have not been dispositioned/discharged yet.
It would be nice that when you go to the notes task list and add providers to view the notes that this function would be sticky. We have times when a provider is covering for another provider for a period of time or when our clinic manager looks over all the providers that this would be nice if they wouldn't always have to choose all the providers every time they go into this.
Please bring back the ability to just monitor the co-sign Notes and be able to see outstanding orders providers need to sign from the task list. Since updating, providers now have the Notes task list. A monitoring agent cannot see what a provider has outstanding to take care of unless they are a covering agent. I do not want to give all of the people who need to be able to monitor this covering rights.
Folders, author(s), date range filters, gray out (or eliminate) empty documents.

Right now clinical history is unwieldy. The documentation filter can pull hundreds to thousands of documents, and while you can sort by clicking on the field headers that isn't enough.

1. It is in desperate need of folders. The author(s) of the documents also need to be there, at least for Documentation. There can be a "multiple" option if a single note has several contributors, though ideally hoovering would show a list of them. Right now sometimes I have to open multiple documents to find the one I'm looking for. A time signed (in addition to the date) would also be helpful.

2. Being able to have a date range to limit results would also be helpful. Or account number. For some patients, if you are looking for older documents there is SO MUCH scrolling involved.

3. Sorting should not be limited to one column. You should be able to have a primary sort and a secondary sort (maybe even a tertiary one).

4. Entries under Nursing that pull from various flowcharts that aren't used for an admission should either not show up or should be grayed out. Example -- PCA flowsheet. This is ALSO true for info in Reports and Attachments that are empty. That date should either be grayed out or just missing (prefer grayed out).
Mico/lab are requesting that we add the below to demographics under "Multidrug-resistant organisms."

1. ESBL (Extended Spectrum Beta-Lactamase)
2. PRSP (Penicillin Resistant Strep pnuemoniae)
3. VRSA (Vancomycin Resistant Staph aureus)
4. Multi Drug Resistant Gram Negative Organism
When working on provider tables and we have duplicates, we need a way to filter out all the disabled providers so we don't have to click on each one to see which is the correct one. we used to put zz before their name, but this was transferring the zz to all lab reports in past visits so we had to stop doing that. we have many providers due to the difficulty of spelling their names, that have up to 5 or 6 entries and we can't delete as don't' know which prior visits they are associated with.
It would be helpful if there will be filter that could capture information from Order Chronology and also Radiology readings. It would be helpful for providers in their notes.
When setting the filters for the Lab Recent Trend card, the user only sees the labs that the current patient has had. There needs to be the ability for the user to see all available labs to filter by. It is very cumbersome to try to find a patient that has all of the labs that the user is wanting to filter.
Notes vitals filter to add I&O's to pull into Note
When a provider is reviewing Labs in the Summarized Lab Task Folder it would be very helpful if there was the option to Send as a Message, Fax, or Secure text. This is the workflow we would like to implement: Provider reviews all of the patient's lab work in the Summarized Lab task folder. Sends a group message via communication center to a pool of clinic nurses responsible for notifying the patient of their results. All lab results for that account would then be viewable for that nurse in one message along with the providers instructions for the patient. Nurses can communicate via the group as tasks are completed. Send as a Message or Secure Text is available in the abnormal lab results folder but that does not lead to an efficient workflow. If the patient has 5 labs done on that account, then 5 messages would have to be sent which would lead to confusion and inefficiency. Also, when the provider acknowledges the lab and then sends it as either a fax, message, or text is would be helpful if the attached lab included the provider acknowledgement. For example: "Acknowledged by Dr. Burke on 02/01/2023 at 0956." This exchange also needs to be viewable on the patient account similar to chart communication. This would be helpful for providers acknowledging outpatient lab work of residents in long term care centers. LTCs require providers to sign lab results and fax them a signed copy. This functionality would simplify that process and assist administration in tracking the response time from provider acknowledgment to patient notification of results.
Facilities that are currently processing Guarantor Statements need an option that if they they post a minimum payment to any guarantor visit; that the remaining visits under the guarantor will not advance aging cycle.
Are providers that add an addendum to mid-levels notes, has to do it from the task list as if they add addendum in notes, their is not option to sign addendum AND cosign, so even thought they added an addendum, their name does no show at bottom of page as cosigner and only way to fix is has mid-level resend or medication records to scan note and send to providers esign folder. This is way out of the normal flow for our hospitalist and surgeons who are actively in the chart when they are adding an addendum.
Need ability to have a filter for notes that would pull in the patient address so we can do letters in notes applications
When creating multiple visits for a serial patient who may have 15 visits for example, we should be able to click in the time boxes until all 15 slots are accounted for, then select update or save. Having to pick the date/time for each one individually when they are not for the same day/time every week is very time consuming. This affects many departments such as Clinics, Physical Therapy, Wound Care, and Obstetrics.
If the Description column of the clinical Hx page would show the Note Title instead of the note type this would be more helpful and meaningful. When searching for Notes in Clinical Hx it is confusing when there are multiple notes with the same note type. Sometimes an H&P will be created during a Clinic visit and other times during a hospital stay. Progress notes are completed daily by multiple departments. The Note titles are more descriptive like PT Daily progress note or ED Provider note, The Clinic notes are set up with title to identify they are for the clinic and so on but all of these area have a need for some of the same note types.
As more doctors are moved to Notes, we want to give them the most pleasant experience as they transition to a new documentation platform. One feature that would be most helpful is allowing users with administrative Notes access to add Templates and Filters to the providers' Favorites, so they can easily find them on the My Favorites View pane in the Create Note window. This will save them additional clicks and extensive instruction as they are being set up to use Notes. Similar to Title scripting for physicians in Documentation that click on the Document type and their template automatically pulls, admin users can create this title script for the provider. Notes would make a great first impression on providers if they can see that their templates and filters have already been set up as their favorites so they can start using it right away, instead of having them look for them in the extensive template library and filter toolbox.
allow for orders to be built into notes templates and launch order entry when note signed. we used to have this functionality in Phys Doc and the providers used this for VTE screening and other documents.
We need filtering options in the sign images queue for documents requiring E-signature assignment. Specifically, filters to distinguish between facilities, stay types, document types (such as associated image titles), and patient names/account numbers would be helpful. Additionally, we've experienced issues with batch scanning that prevent multiple pages of a document from being scanned together. Could you please address this issue as well?
Currently you can only send chart communication to 1 user, providers and clinicians are requesting to be able to select multiple users to send a communication to. This would improve communication between providers/users and be a time saver as well.
When patients view reports, such as MRI transcription, on My Care Corner, the text is all jumbled and has no separation between sections. Attachments show examples from MCC and another from Epic
Lab and Radiology Reports need to contain the Time/Date Stamp (Electronic Signature) of the Provider when they acknowledge the results. Currently you cannot see when a provider acknowledges Lab and Radiology Reports. CMS Surveyors will ask to see when the provider acknowledged the lab results. Currently, all we can show them is the Alert Audit Report and that does not have a lot of detail. The time/date stamp when acknowledged by the provider needs to appear on the Lab and Radiology report when viewed as a PDF.
When HIM enters a new deficiency for a specific provider, it should automatically route to a Task Folder for them to complete. Currently, HIM has to enter the deficiency and either print a report to send or add a Deficiency Note to send to the provider. This adds additional steps that could be eliminated with the Chart Deficiencies being sent automatically over to a Task folder.
Can an filter be added on the verification queue so that pharmacists can work on patients assigned to them or areas they are covering?
We have one main provider who continues to dictate documentation, not utilizing Notes. Currently, these documents as not flowing over to MCC because they are transcriptions. Patients are calling and asking for documents.
The font on the bottom of NOTES that shows "Electronically signed by...." needs to be bigger or able to be edited by each facility. The font is so small it can be difficult to tell who has signed, especially when the note is faxed to an outside entity.
Provider had 165 documents in his Co Sign folder. When he clicked on it to open it, it appeared to be empty. There was nothing that indicated that the system was loading anything, or working to populate the documents so he thought he had nothing to co sign. After a minute or two the documents did show up.
Add button to Prescription Entry screen so that electronic prescription send/receive dates for previous visits do not automatically appear when Prescription Entry screen is selected. Currently the system pulls information for prescriptions transmitted years previously which can lead viewer to think a recent prescription has been sent. Example, prescription entry for 3/26/24 shows items sent/received on 3/23/22.
I would like a filter created for notes to pull pharmacy pt uses
Provider wants more area on the lab results screen to actually view the results instead of having to scroll down to view. Condense the Lab summary header.
Currently most available clinical calculators are available from Micromedex. It would be great if we could add an active URL to a notes or documentation template that allowed the screening tool or calculator to be accessed, acted upon and incorporated into the documentation. I assume that there are multiple companies that allow access to their API for this specific purpose.
Need the option to copy forward or prepopulate from previous form/assessment to allow follow-through charting and be sure what was addressed on the last note is carried forward to the next note. Similar to the copy forward option in UDAs in LTC.
We would like the ability to use Notes for our Psychiatrist, but do not have a way to 'lock' down the Note. We recommend having additional added security within Notes to be able to limit access via Note type.
I would like to be able to see comparative images for EKG/Rad etc. Please see Example below.


EX Acct 12345 with DOS in Sept and Acct 67890 in Oct. Patient has EKG in both visits.


Currently I can only view the sept ekg if I go into the 12345 acct. Provider would like to be able to view the prior ekg without having to search for a visit with on associated by going to clinical history> cardiopulmonary> then having all results available.
Be able to assign tasks to self or other users with a date/time to flag that user by popping up when logging in. Ex: Re-draw INR in 2 days- you would set the To Do to go off in 2 days to remind yourself to put the order in. (It would be best under Task with the folders)
Currently, the Notes filter for "Social History" only includes smoking status. "Substance Use, Exercise, Travel, Sexual History, etc." should also be available as filters.
I scribe on a laptop for our doctor and it seems with the additions to the headers in Notes the actual area to type the note gets smaller. Is there a way to adjust this so that there is more room for typing the actual note?
The copy forward does not work effectively and would like the option to scan to profile instead. Users are also not able to delete a copy forward scan unless they go back to when it was originally scanned in which takes additional time (and clicks) to accomplish this task.
1. Add a date range to clinical history, not just the start date. Often we want to see all records for a particular visit, not the subsequent visits afterwards intermixed.
2. Add in an account number search or filter to clinical history. When the date selected has numerous visits afterwards intermixed, account number filter would limit to the particular visit being reviewed by suppressing the other visits.
3. Add option to filter which nursing documents are present, normally we only want to see the patient progress notes and EMAR or medication report. The other ones are taking up space and get in the way when reviewing the records and many are blank.
SAFER Test Results Reporting and Follow-up 2.12 - Results notifications remain in clinician inboxes until a clinician action occurs to address them.

We find risk of failure with the way the current process is set up. When a staff member is in Chart Alerts and sees results, if they accidently acknowledge the result, it removes it from the provider's home screen result folder. I think we should consider how to prevent this from happening outside of training staff not to do that. Could a rule be in place that won't allow a 5 digit UBL acknowledging the result in Chart Alerts to clear a providers HS Alert? We do find times when we want the 5 digit UBL to be able to clear these alerts - an in clinic test resulted and reviewed by the provider during the visit still results to the providers HS. We currently have the staff acknowledge them in chart alerts to remove them from the providers HS folder. Maybe some additional work could put these results in their own folder and the provider may or may not subscribe to it. Maybe there should be modifications to the TB notifications that staff and providers acknowledge results here and not in a chart alert or HS folder alert at all. Short request is to have a team and user group discuss the possibilities.
Providers feel it would be a huge benefit to have some kind of icon or a star by patient's name on demographics bar alerting provider they are registered and on the patient portal.
Our providers like to have all visits checked in notes as they like to look back on some of the last notes when they are with a patient, but sometimes there are some patients who have a lot of notes and then it takes a long time for the notes to load. It would be nice if there would be a date filter like there is in the labs and vitals screen where you can choose a certain amount of visits or you can enter a date range. That feature is also sticky. That would be a great feature to have in notes.
Ticket: Situation: 9731178

Had a case today where when registering a patient, the clerk selected the wrong provider. The last name was correct, but the first name was wrong. The error was not identified until the receiving provider called informing us that the patient didn't belong to her. Upon review, we noted that when Lab is in the order, ONLY the LAST name shows up for them. Also, when they expand the demographics, they only see the last name.


Please change programming to display the full provider name in the common Lab/Rad order screens. Currently this field is limited to 10 characters.
The lab staff primarily spend most of their time on the lab schedule. Currently if they need to reprint a lab label, they have to access the patient's function screen for this. Adding this to the schedule would save be more efficient. Adding a patient list and account number field would allow the lab staff to select a patient directly from the schedule to again save time.
It would be really handy to have the addendum button in Notes allow for us to make an addendum and change the Note type. Currently, you have to edit the note to change the Note Type, which causes for the time and date stamp of the signature to be older than the original signature.
Need to have the ability or same functionality as e-forms for HIM (or by security rule) to be able to move a note from one account to another without the need to ask the provider to adjust and for it to update the demographic filter with the correct demo information.
It would be very helpful for nurses and providers in the lab results if we changed the pending on results to say prelim when a result is a preliminary report. Also change the Detail to say Final.
We have recently limited our copy forward parameters on our eforms to help decrease documentation errors in nursing documentation. This has become an issue with some other departments that actually benefit from the copy forward feature and now being unable to utilize this. We would like the option to set copy forward time frame parameters per Eform rather than and "all or nothing" setting to better suite our different departments that utilize eforms.
Add the ability to select which note types need to be co-signed vs which ones don't. Ex: discharge instructions or patient work/school notes that don't need to be co-signed by physician, but the mid levels H&P or progress note does. The midlevel often forgets to change the drop down to "no co-signer", causing more work for the physicians.
It would be useful to have a simple phrase or dianosis that can be added to a note that will automatically import standards of care into the note. ie. congestion could auto fill things such as sinus rinse, hydration, otc decongestants etc.
The cosigner default needs be customizable to role/user & not just global. Our NP hospitalists' and Physician backup (co-signer) are on for a week straight. The NP want/need this to default to Previous co-signer. we also have Rehab mid-levels that send to varies providers, they do NOT want their co-signer defaulting to previous co-signer, they need no default co-signer. We are having Notes go to the wrong providers. I have re-educated.. a few times.
Our Physicians co-sign NPP notes and sometimes they return them with the reason Needs Correction and would like to be able to have some free text lines to explain to the author what needs corrected. now they simply return with needs correction and then have to talk to the NPP at some point and try to remember what it was they identified in the note. These free text lines need to be like a post it note that the author can read as they make corrections and the co-signor can see as they review the note on the second co-sign pass to confirm all corrections were made but it should not be a part of the note or the legal medical record once the note is finally co-signed.
We recently migrated from Healthland to Thrive in July. The escribe folder needs to be revamped and the providers need to have more options. The providers need to be able to do more besides just accept or deny a prescription. Sometimes a dosage may need to be changed or the # of tablets may need to be changed. Sometimes it needs to be sent to a different provider to refill. Narcotics also pose a whole new problem as those have to be denied and then prescribed from the patient's chart which adds extra work for the provider.
Radiology, physician interps, pathology. Need the ability for a physician note in notes to attach to these orders so you can click on order to view results and this would automatically complete the order etc.
We need to be able to send letters via Thrive to the patients with the results of their CT lung screening exams. These letters would be similar to the mammo letters. We need the system to track that letters have been sent. there are specs for the results by the American College of Radiology. The letters would also contain follow up recomendations.
Right now there is no specific place for the providers to go to sign off on results of exams that they ordered. They don't even get those results in a folder at all unless they are listed as the attending provider, secondary provider, consulting provider, or on their care team. That is a huge safety concern that those reports could slip through the cracks. Since there isn't that option, the attending provider should at least have the option to redirect those reports to the ordering provider so the ordering provider can see those results. The providers have task folders that seem duplicated in some areas and don't have anything in another area. There just needs to be a screen where they can check orders, notes, results, etc. to make things simpler.
We desperately need the ability to add an addendum to other peoples signed notes WITHOUT allowing the ability to edit someone else's signed Note, especially for the ED. Providers change shift and when taking over care must create an entirely new note to add additional information, causing a record of events that is hard to follow as it is located on two different documents.
We need the ability to choose the growth percentages as an option to build into a Notes Vitals filter.
In the Chart>Encounter>Demographics screen - can text boxes be added next to the isolation precaution text box to be able to say why they are under that isolation?


Topic  3:
----------
Remove the feature that deletes the insurance from an active account when scheduling.
It would be nice to be able to either bulk check eligibility on a list of scheduled patients or have eligibility automatically run at schedule and/or registration and flag registration/schedule that it has passed or not.
When scheduling, we should be selecting or creating a registration profile. These items should be linked.
We are able to change the Opt In/Opt Out in scheduling but it would really nice for our staff that schedule and not touch registration to be able to change patient phone numbers in scheduling and not have to access patient accounting to change it in the profile or linked account also.
need to be able to schedule a patient and verify insurance from the schedule
Recording the date and initials of person creating a claim in a visit would be helpful when working accounts. Anything done in a visit should be recorded for security purposes.
This will help with workflows for staff to know which accounts were auto created and may need additional attention for completion.
Sometimes when scheduling a block out for a meeting we will schedule all providers, but when that meeting needs to be moved we have to remove the block out from each individual provider. It would be helpful to be able to remove the block from all providers at the same time.
With auto-create account, it would be nice to see the expected date in the account grid and not put an admit date/time in the account when the visit is created. If the date is not on the visit and the auto-create works more like a preadmit, we can use the Pre-Admit Delete feature to remove any unused accounts and reduce the amount of time it takes to remove these manually. Plus, our clinics can book a year out so the list of accounts gets long and it would be nice to know what date which account is associated to without having to cross-reference scheduling or patient connect.
It would be nice to have the Insurance Subscriber fields pull in information from a Profile instead of free texting the info in. We just ran into a situation where a visit was put on the the subscriber of the insurance but the patients dob was used. We do know how this got past the insurance company but we are concerned that certain service CPTs will fall under the wrong person causing issues later for frequency items.
Often we have paperwork and we can only read the address or phone number, or a patient will call in and get disconnected. It would be nice to be able to search these fields so that we know what patient we are dealing with.
Recently there was a HIM coding worklist update. I would like to see one for insurance claims. This is easier to utilize than the insurance tickler. Working accounts this way will reduce need to pull a monthly AR worklist, avoid losing claims in the tickler and give real time status of a patient account.
There are some things that need to be done different for specific service codes, and it would be nice if we could make a custom reminder that would pop up on the screen at registration or during the admission to remind nurses of what they need to do.
Our staff, especially at the clinic, are finding that they are often double booking patients if they forget to refresh the schedule before starting the process. The schedule should auto update every so often or be able to personalize each schedule with refresh seconds like we can for tracking boards.
an EHR agnostic solution that reviews the patient condition and level of care provided/required over a specified period of time and correlates staffing needs. Should include operational dashboards and have a scheduling and communication mechanism to call-off staff or call-in staff, based on need.
We currently have offices that want us to contact their patients to schedule and call them as well, with the staff we have that is not practical at all. In the end the offices end up calling us to ask when the patients are scheduled, which causes stop times as well. It would be nice and efficient if the ability to send the appointment via fax through the scheduling system were an option, that way the office would have the patients appt and would also be helpful for reschedules to alert the office.
on the "patient summary" tab, there is information for next appointment date, but it does say who the appointment is with. In our clinic, there are multiple specialists. The appointment listed may be with me or any of the other providers. I have to go in to scheduling to see who the appointment is with. Could that be changed to pull in all the currently scheduled appointments and who they are with?
Auto Punch schedule templates should still auto punch when making schedule adjustments or requests for time off. For example, a manager works in the am but is taking the pm off - the schedule should still auto punch the morning shift in the timesheet.
This may be an error on our part, but I have yet to find a report that will run that will show me if the MSP questionnaire was or was not filled out, what the answers were, the date filled out, and who the clerk was who did the registration.
When searching a patient by profile there is a list of their accounts in the bottom right hand corner, it would be helpful to have the expect date in this list for the account as to delineate all the different pre admit accounts with the same service code. Also when linking an account to updated scheduling. After selecting link and you see the list of accounts it would be nice to see expect dates on those accounts for the same reason.
Currently scheduler only allows for Temporary Registration. There needs to be an option to have an option to create a visit. Enterprise Wide Scheduling launches users into the person profile. From there users based on security setting can create new visit or temporary visit.
When using Patient connect to schedule, reschedule etc. it would be nice to be able to see blocks, closures etc.
Ability to only see patients on the waitlist for your schedule or department. Example Radiology patients on wait list and clinic patients waiting to see provider, they have to filter through the patient list to find the ones intended for them. Some accidently get removed.
it would be nice to setup benefit levels specific to each resident instead of setting plans up under the FI insurance. Benefits differ from resident to resident and it's difficult to manage under the insurance when you have 53 facilities.
Please remove the requirement to add the P-Private Pay insurance on the appointment event screen in scheduler to be able to add the P to the Financial class on the appointment. The P Insurance causes manual processes to remove the Insurance when using the auto create visit function. We should be able to enter P as financial class on the event screen without P as the insurance code.
Problem surgery schedule time flows into MCC. This is not necessarily the arrival time for the patient. The ability to turn this feature off for certain tasks would be helpful.
This will drastically cut the amount of time required to make new accounts and decrease the chance of errors as well.
Our clinic users would like to be able to make adjustments to the daily schedule columns and have it hold. This includes moving the columns to different locations and also width adjustments. Some users zoom in on the browser to make the font easier to read and this cuts off certain columns like the patient name. Each time you leave the daily schedule, it will reset. Would be nice to function like the tracking board as our clinic utilizes this area frequently.
Patient visits often have different service codes for the same provider. Currently when Patient Connect auto-creates the visit, all visits for a particular provider are assigned the same service code. Registration then has to update the service code manually. It would be convenient to have the ability to assign the service code to the visit at the time the visit is scheduled.
I have had several sites that send guarantor letters who would like to be able to send guarantor collection letters. All accounts that are at a collection code 3 or A should pull. The letter should then list each account, DOS, and balance due. Other fields would need to be determined.
Situation: 10049767

Scheduling/PatientConnect/MyCareCorner

Audit Reports

We are rolling out Scheduling to many areas of the facility. We

are doing this to make full use of PatientConnect and MyCareCorner.

We have found that we do not have a way to audit for duplicate appointments,

schedule history, or scheduler productivity.

We want an audit system/report/mechanism for the following:

Who scheduled the appointment/event and when.

Who cancelled them and when.

A tool to find duplicate appointments.

We need a tool to see appointment scheduling productivity.

EX:

Over a time period

What scheduler is making the most appointments. A ranking of percentages - all schedulers.

Cancellation rates/percentages based on location and schedule.

Reschedule rates/percentages based on location and schedule.

A deep dive into the modifications that occurred on at event.

Maybe even make this a part of the PowerBI Analytics application as a panel/dashboard.

TruBridge Resolution:

While we do not have a report, you can check the HISTORY (audit) of the individual appointments.

Just highlight the appointment and select HISTORY from the row of buttons at the top.

It will show initial schedule date, if it was rescheduled and when it was canceled.

While we can check each individual event/appointment, we need to do this on a much larger scale

that would include more than one account at a time.

Please create reporting/auditing tools for events.
when insurance is deleted or changed on an account it is documented within the Service Log
It would be nice to have a pop up message tells us if we are about to throw an account into a credit. This would be especially helpful for the patients who pay through 3rd party collections and those who mail in payments, as our payment poster does not have the availability to look at every account before posting the days payments.
On the new schedule we need a spot for the Anesthesiologist and the anesthesia type. Similarly to the Physician look up tool
When merging financial accounts, please have the previously coded diagnosis also merge into the account.
This has raised personnel privacy concerns. It would be nice to be able to change the header, or not show the full name of who printed the appointment sheet by default.
In Updated Scheduling you can accidentally schedule/reschedule backwards. So if a patient called and rescheduled something from Dec 2022 you could accidentally schedule if for April 2022 if you aren't very careful. We are so busy and have so many calls coming that everything we do is asap and this has happened more times in our dept than we would ever like it to. This causes a problem because you think you are scheduling for now, but its last year or last week. EX: You give the patient an appt. for next Monday but its actually scheduled last Monday, so they show up today and you don't have any openings and they are not on the schedule. We should not be able to schedule backwards AT ALL but at the very least something should say "YOU ARE GOING BACKWARDS ARE YOU SURE YOU WANT TO" or something like that.
There needs to be a way for the registration fields to be marked by color to draw attention to required fields in the registration profile along with the visit registration screens. If the required fields were a different color to draw attention and if you got to the end of registration that it would stop you and take you to any required fields that were missed would be a huge help for registration staff.
There should be a way for 2 different providers orders to be released to the same account number since you can only bill out one visit per date of service and it's not uncommon for patient to want to only come in once to get everything done.
Currently, on a clinic account, if the provider has "addressed" problems during that visit, the ICD10 codes are populated in the diagnosis list in MP-EMR - Charging/Coding. Then as a result, when the coder accesses "edit diagnosis" (grouper), the system auto-populates the finish date. If at that time the account is not ready to be coded/finished, the coder must remember to remove the finish date, otherwise a claim will be generated on an account that the coder was not finished with.


It would be very helpful if you would fix this so that the finish date does not auto-populate! The coder should have control over applying that finish date.
Required Fields: Similar to required fields for Person Profiles and Census/Visits. There is a dire need to have a Temporary Registration should have the ability to set what is required for System Menu Temporary Registration Fields . This needs to also cross into addtional modules Temporary Registration within EWS OR Management, New Scheduler, TPEHR Module, EDIS Module, and Whiteboard Temporary Registration.
Would be nice to have a way to inactivate an account so that documentations and charges could not be added or a prompt when you inactivate to tell you there are charges on the account.
It would be nice to be able to see recent accounts accessed. Occasionally I need to go back and print off a label or double check something.
Automatic creation of chart prep visit off patient list for implementation of clinic software
CG Modifiers on Medicare RHC Claims - Report modifier CG on one revenue code 52X or 900 service line, which includes all charges subject to coinsurance and deductibles. This modifier indicates which service line should receive the all inclusive rate and be subject to deductibles and coinsurance. Additional service lines are charged on patient's account with charges greater or equal to $0.01. Insurance claim gets billed out of Thrive looking like the total claim charged amount does not match the total charges on the patient account. Additional service lines are informational purpose only. This needs to be address in insurance billing process. Or have the system auto adjust during insurance receipt posting.


This creates a tedious process for posting Medicare RHC Claim manually. Manually Posting in Thrive (3 options):

1. Overstate the contractual when posting the remit manually.
2. Post the receipt like normal allowing a credit to hit the account then immediately posting another insurance receipt but only for a contractual adjustment utilizing a unique GL that is only for RHC receipt corrections.
3. Post the receipt like normal allowing a credit to hit the account then post an adjustment charge on the account and wash the credit.


Need to come up with an easier way either within insurance billing setup and/or insurance receipting to auto adjust billed and contractual amounts. Currently taking too many steps to post Medicare RHC Remits.
It would be nice to have a pt. phone number on id bar.
When setting up a new schedule as personnel or location, we also then have to attach tasks to the new schedule and would like to have the ability to set defaults tasks that all new schedules are assigned. then we can just modify. We would also like to be able to assign them from the personnel or location rather than a different screen.
Ability to configure patient estimated portion other than copay Example estimated portion factoring in deductible, out of pocket, co insurance.
There needs to be a way to build a combination drug so that it can have multiple drugs, but each is their own and has all the necessary components. We don't want to have to rely on an order set to create something as simple as a GI cocktail when we know it always has the same ingredients and same quantity. We don't want to end up picking three different drugs and have to administer 3 different drugs when it could just be done with one order.
Can the situation update be included in the email that is sent out instead of having to log into mycpsi? When I am out of the office it would be nice to be able to see what was updated instead of having to login on a cell phone.
Most of the time when doing callbacks to patients, the Facesheet is a good option to look at phone numbers. It would be easiest to view the patient's authorized reps of who we can speak with by giving the names on this sheet.
When registering patients, sometimes we get multiple coming in at once and aren't able to full finish everything in the one account before going to the next. It would be nice if we could have multiple open at once. Or even if we could have 2 accounts for different doctors for the same patient open at the same time.
Currently any time there is a mass change on a profile this kicks off several emails to patients. It would be nice if we could make a mass change without having to tell the patients that getting that many emails is currently an expected behavior.
PLE NEEDS TO PULL ALL CHARGES (CPT CODES ECT.)THAT ARE PUT IN AT TIME OF SERVICE WHEN WE HIT PLE TO GIVE THE PATIENT THE MOST ACCURATE PRICE FOR THEIR SERVICES.
Facilities need an easy way to provide a guarantor a total of all "out of pocket" payments made on all accounts for which the guarantor is responsible. Specifically this is needed during tax season when guarantors need proof of "out of pocket" healtcare expenses paid during the calendar (tax) year.
Create a filter that allows us to separate the clinic facility profiles from the Hospital facility profiles when searching for patients.
Can you put decline in the Email field on the patient profile and then have a decline date so that staff know when the patient declined.
If the insurance denies for a workable reason, we need the ability to leave it with that insurance FROM THE RECEIPTING SCREENS. Sending it to the patient when they shouldn't get a bill, or the secondary before it is ready is not helpful. It will not fall on the right ATB list, if at all> This creates unnecessary extra work, extra costs, delays and/or patient upset.
Currently, if a patient has more than one primary insurance, the scheduler application does not pull through any insurance. The prior auth features relies on insurance information to properly filter if the auth warning page should pop up. It would be great if the scheduler would pull through more than one insurance to make this feature work. An alternate option would be to have the prior auth feature function based on the insurance on the profile. Thanks!
Create a worklist for ancillary future orders written to fall into, so they can be worked by scheduling. Ideally be able to put in structure for work queue splits, such as by alpha split, by ancillary type split or by insurance split
Our facility would like to turn on the autocreation of a scheduled visit, but we cannot due to the programming of this function. Currently the visit information is entered on the resource location which causes problems when the service code is different for different tasks. For example in our Primary care clinics the stay type and subtype is always the same for each resource but the service code and physician can vary. For a nurse visit the physician would depend on who the patients PCP was. Then there are different service codes for clinic visit, transitional care management visit, annual wellness visit, or telehealth visit. One provider conducts all of those types of appointments in one day so as the programming is today each provider would have 4 columns on one clinic schedule which makes scheduling impossible. We need the ability to add service code and physician to a task which would override the resource/location logic if needed. This change would allow us to turn on auto create visits and in turn check eligibility and collect copays via Patient Connect
Hello. Would it be possible to add hover boxes over the Ad Hoc button icons so that users are able to see what these buttons do?
I think having more than 15 characters for the description within Ancillary Report Location:

Path> Tables> HIM> Ancillary Report location

Our facility can not find a way to make use to make use of the description field as it only allows 15 characters.

Unfortunately we have providers who address or practice name is similar at two separate locations however the building number may be different but due to the limited character space we can not add the full address.
Other solutions like patient connect have a feature that sends an automatic rescheduling message to users who no show. We have received feedback from registration at our clinic sites that this would be a nice feature to have. If the patient is marked in the system as a no show, they would automatically get this message to try and reschedule.
On the patient banner bar, when selecting the patient name, demographics populate so you have a patient phone number and emergency contact as well as the release of information so you know who you can speak with pertaining to the patient.
This may be a dream factory idea. So is there a way to utilize PC for ED, New Vision, and our BHU. these departments don't work off of a schedule but if they don't have there physical info they may have on their phone or we are relying on records coming over from another facility. New Vision is a medical detox and people drive hours to get here and sometimes like stated above they may have info on phone or they may forget to bring it and we can request it before hand when they call to ask if we have a bed.
We have run into an issue where our reference lab have tests that can be random or 24 hour urines. Techs do not always see OE questions in the order and sometimes the setting is not always set to print the order label. It would be nice for them to have the OE questions in their face on future orders or some indicator that there are OE questions with answers or a hover over order to see the oe questions on the order in the schedule.
ability to view entire days schedule on the screen, no scrolling. updated schedule slowed down the workflow of our rehab dept greatly. They secretaries/registration desk were unable to check-in patients in a timely process or efficiently move patients from on time to another within the same day by dragging and dropping. So now we have 4 different schedules within our organization. updated scheduling, Rehabs scheduling system, EWS for surgery and EMDs scheduling.
Generic chart prep visit has to be created for patient list before any work can be done. Hospitals are currently having to hire out this problem during implementation to continue working.
It would be very helpful of there was a way to color code something on the patient account that would indicate that there is a payment plan already set up for this patient. Patient advocates have to sort through accounts to make sure that they don't miss an account that needs outreach done and it is time consuming and tedious.
When scheduling service, populate protocol for service.  Obtain authorization and check medical necessity
Add links/options to all messages Patient Connect sends to the scheduled patients. At this point, only the Confirmation message allows a patient the option to cancel, confirm, or reschedule an appointment. The affirmation and reminder messages do not.

Who Benefits:

Patient: Does not have to call to cancel, confirm, reschedule. They can do it from the text or email.

Scheduler: Can get real time notices of openings in the schedule. Can contact other patients to fill those openings.

Revenue Cycle: Keeps a steady flow of patients into the the facilities.
Show on the schedule when the patients visit is completed and when checked out. Easier to keep track on who is still here or not.
During medication scanning, Evident Thrive UX does not alert to any drug interactions or contraindications due to allergies. It would be nice if the system would automatically alert us to this instead of having to manually look.
More options for systems administrators,
Eg. An API that we can use to create accounts using scripts integrated into on boarding systems.
Auditing logs of who makes accounts or edits accounts
Bulk add of accounts (upload from a csv for example that utilizes templates)
Better UI for account creations. LTC layout was alot more streamlined than the newer AHT UI
Better search features and more than 20 per page actually working
Ability to disable all accounts not active for more than 20 days
Ability to pull reports of what accounts are active at the buildings and the roles they have

API's would be great for all this so we could basically do what ever our own skillsets and the skillsets of the community can come up with.
When talking with an insurance company or continuation of carte facility it would be nice to have some basic information at the top of the screen so you are not having to click into so many different screens to get a name, DOB, address, phone #, DOS, chief complaint, insurance info etc. Another feature from Charts would be having the ability to have more than one "tab" open. It would be nice to be able to click back and forth between patients or for example have a client account up and be able to look up the corresponding patient accounts without having to back out completely. Or to stop a non-priority task or registration and do another without having to use a second login, finish or back all the way out.
Currently the hospital is using Medicare ABN for insurance companies, marking out Medicare and replacing with Insurance Company. If we could have a separate form to notify patients of services not covered by their insurance company that would be great!
Allow employees within their own department to view all other employees in same department schedule so that if they need to switch shifts another employee is easily found to switch with and a request can be entered at that time versus viewing a printed schedule and then having to go back to the system to request a schedule adjustment to switch shifts.
More than 1 of us facilities used this function and it was taken away in the new version of FMS without asking if we utilize it. We do!
Would like to setup items numbers to be able auto contract off based on insurance or service code and not generate on a claim. Example, Medicare/Medicare Advantage Influenza and Pneumo vaccines are not to be included on a claim and need to be set to auto contract off of the account to reduce biller time on these.

*Update* The feature already exists to make it not go to the claim but it would be nice to have it set to automatically contract off and tied to an adjustment code so that the staff does not have touch all these accounts to adjust them.
Very inefficient when working in the system whether in security or clinical areas to only get a ubl number and then have to look it up to find out the name for the UBL. I noticed it now is present in communication center for faxing status and clinical staff do not have access to who is what UBL so they ask IT services. Would be better for all involved if the usage of UBLS in the system actually shows a name. Very hard in the Events area of ID management to see which provider is set up for every cosigner. Also for 6 character UBLS using eforms convert to Name, not UBL.
Every time I get into the lab schedule I have to adjust the column widths to see all of the data at once.
We have a lot of staff who want to be able to see their schedule on their phones. Our physical therapist actually won't even use the scheduler until it is available by phone. That would be a huge deal for them.
Our clinic providers who treat pediatric patients have requested an integrated dosing calculator feature. Some of them have used a feature like this before in EPIC and it saves them some time. Select the med, concentration, etc. and it will calculate the required dose for you. Thanks.
It would be great to be able to get an alert if the patient is already scheduled for a test or for certain tests an alert come up if the patient has been scheduled for this test within a certain time frame. Example Mammogram can only be performed 1 x per year. If the patient is scheduled again before the 1 year time frame an alert will come up to review time frame before scheduling.
Including more than two links in a submission to sit in a review stage indefinitely: "Idea created: DFE-#-###. You can see it once it has been reviewed."

At the very least, communicate this limitation with the end user before they submit an idea.

https://www.google.com/appsstatus/dashboard/

https://developer.apple.com/system-status/
Patients are usually anxiously awaiting to schedule their exams. They often call saying they are supposed to have an exam done and they haven't heard anything about the exam. This would help eliminate unnecessary phone calls from patients as well as reduce the number of outgoing phone calls to the patients when we try to schedule the exam. Keeping the patient informed of the status of their exam would be beneficial to the patients and increase efficiency in the radiology department.
Whiteboard visit number search occasionally pulls up patients with the corresponding birthdate. so if I put a visit number in of 10031983 and someone has a birthdate of 10/03/1983 it will also pull them up. That should be fixed.
This would be a nice alternative to only being able to put "Never" if a patient states they do not have any substance abuse or smoking.
We spend a lot of time removing X1 frequency charges that were not administered because it automatically pulls in a 1st time qty and that is a charging field. It would be nice if we could disable that feature so our claims are clean.
For System Administrators, would be nice to designate a specific Console Board as the system default so that every one of our users, instead of the blank board, gets our board put on their Console. We'd like to define that default Console Board and then set it so that anyone who logs into the console gets that board automatically.
Please have the Preventatives default to Incomplete rather than the All radio button. I know most of the time we want All but in this instance we are wanting to see what preventatives are still incomplete.
Numerous customers have requested a more efficient way to manage, and clean up test profile and accounts

1. Create a test person checkbox within person profile and account.
2. On the Profile if it is marked as test, user selects create new visit. System should auto assign a test visit/account number.
3. Create Test Person Maintenance Table. Require Rules and Password.

a. Password Requirement to Run Update or Purge Programs.
b. AR Print and Delete - Test Accounts Only
c. Mass Merge Person Profile - Test Person Profiles Only
d. Mass Pre-Admit Delete - Test Accounts Only
e. Mass Auto Assign or Remove Admit and Discharge Date- Test Accounts Only
f. Mass Auto Finish Date Purge on Insurance / Collection Tickler for test accounts
g. Mass Auto Assign Date or Remove a MR Finish Date on Test Accounts
h. Mass Auto Assign Code or Remove Insurance Codes on Test Accounts
i. Mass Auto Reverse or Delete Claims on Test Accounts
j. Mass Auto Assign Code or Auto Remove Collect Code on Test Account
k. Auto Assign Test MR#
l. Auto Assign Test Account#
m. Any Program or Fixes - Audit Log
n. Create a System Admin feature that requires assignment of Rules and Password. For a user to be able to mass update/edit - test profile and account census and accounts

4. All Report Dashboard Report need to have an option: Exclude Test, Include Test, or Test Only.
When a patient comes in to have a procedure done (Xray) and the tech sees that there are also future order for another procedure (US) ordered by a different provider, they need to be able to release both the Xray and US future orders so that the patient can have both done on same day. This increases patient satisfaction as they don't have to make a 2nd trip to have the 2nd procedure. The orders, whether they are from the same provider or not can be done on the same encounter. The billing department is happy because the encounter has the procedures and the ordering provider.
My psych department has asked us to stop their provider notes from going to their patients' mycarecorner accounts. It seems that currently notes are pushed to the patient portal based on whether their LOINC codes push to CCDA. It would be good to have a way to configure a filter that determines what goes to the portal, such as restricting notes from the portal. As an example, a provider may want to break the news of a diagnosis in person, but the patient finds out before they have a chance to speak with the provider.
There needs immediate improvement to the OR management application. We are losing surgeons over this. 1 simple improvement, since the "updated schedule" is not yet ready for integration with the OR management Procedure/Preference card application is to provide a 1-click way to see today's OR Schedule instead of having to print the PDF report- either using the EWS application or the Report Dashboard. The surgeons and staff want an actionable schedule that allows them to grab account numbers or patient names to easily put orders in, view their chart, etc. even before they are checked in. They would like it to be driven by date then location. It should default to today's date. Then, set up per facility (NOT USER) default to either both locations, 1 location, or another location, and then be a sticky function based on the user. I know the updated scheduler is supposed to handle the OR management app in the future, but we need to have some improvements in OR management now.
1. Both scheduling comments and the number of authorized visits left (precert) should be available for hover functionality. Right now precert is there but it is just blank or y, which isn't helpful. Being able to hover and determine how many visits are left would be helpful. Comments would also be helpful. Overall though, any of those fields should be available for hover.
2. for the auto create visit, we would like to see the service code set on the task, not the resource. We have resources (providers) who see patients across a few service codes but our tasks do not cross service codes.
3. There should be a symbol visible from the calendar that shows if an appointment was completed or cancelled, the way there is for checkin to make it easier to tell at a glance.
4. Users should be able to have a default calendar view. It reverts back to Scheduled if you leave the scheduling app.
5. When you change the time interval you are looking at (15 min to 30min blocks), the calendar should shrink so you see more rows in the same space. Right now gridlines disappear but you don't get to see any additional screen real estate, which is pointless.
It would be nice to be able to pull all release notes for a specific section - like only Trubridge EHR - Clinical, TB EHR-Financial, AHT, etc. This would helpful for those who don't use all of the areas or when all release notes for a release can't be downloaded in one download.
several roles (like registration) do not have roles in identify management. I want to be able to build my own roles for my facility.
In UX when we do a Profile listing search and open up a patient profile, in the Person Profile window it would be helpful if you could display more than 4 visits in the visit listing window without having to scroll down. Also it would be helpful if you could list the attending physician for each visit.


Topic  4:
----------
Create a Report Dashboard Version of Daily Admissions and Monthly Admission Report. Provide clients that ability to select a date range. Currently clients are limited to PDF version of the report with limited data points. Need to expand for better quality assessment.


Current Location:

* System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Print Reports > Census > Build Daily File. System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Print Reports > Census > Daily Reports: Admission
* System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Print Reports > Census > Mthly/Misc > Build Monthly Files. System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Print Reports > Census > Admission
* Data Points from Original Monthly Admission Report: Name, Account#, MR#, Room #, Financial Class, Age, Gender, Marital Status, Service Code, Days (since admission date), Admit Code, Physician,

Features within Report Dashboard

* Dashboard version either needs to have additional fields made available in Columns,(Advance options) - Or - Have fields in CSV versions with ability to create filters
* Add Data Points: Admission Date, Admission Time, DOB, Patient Stay Type, Sub Type, Total Charges, Temp Reg Complete (Y/N), Original F/C, Current F/C, Finish Date, Insurance Billed Date, Pre-Certification#, Payment
Create a Report Dashboard Version of Daily Discharges and Monthly Discharges Report. Provide clients that ability to select a date range. Currently clients are limited to PDF version of the report with limited data points. Need to expand for better quality assessment.

Location:

* System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Print Reports > Census > Build Daily File. System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Print Reports > Census > Daily Reports: Discharges
* System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Print Reports > Census > Mthly/Misc > Build Monthly Files. System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Print Reports > Census > Discharges
* Data Points from Original Monthly Discharges Report: Name, Account#, MR#, Room #, Financial Class, Age, Gender, Marital Status, Service Code, Days, Discharge Code, Physician, Admission Date, Discharge Date, Admit Condition, Hourly Length of Stay

Features within Report Dashboard

* Dashboard version either needs to have additional fields made available in Columns,(Advance options) - Or - Have fields in CSV versions with ability to create filters
* Add Data Points: Total Days, Admission Time, Discharge Time DOB, Patient Stay Type, Sub Type, Total Charges, Temp Reg Complete (Y/N), Original F/C, Current F/C, Finish Date, Insurance Billed Date, Pre-Certification#, Payment
Currently many clients are performing merges of Thrive Traditional Ad Hoc(s) and Report Dashboard CSV format reports for analysis. Many of the specific combinations of data points are not available in either Thrive Ad Hoc, POC AdHoc Reporting, and/or CSV versions in Report Dashboard.

Clients have to resort to exporting data using 3rd party database software just to be able to produce specific type of report. Need a way for clients to be able to pull data and create report with any combinations of clinical, scheduling, finance, and revenue cycle fields in Thrive.
Report Dashboard Reports:

* Revenue Detail Report
* Revenue by Charge Code Report

Include: add CPT Code, Modifiers, UB Revenue Code in CSV Output Format of these reports. These are daily reports clients run daily they have to resort to other reports just to obtain CPT codes and other information.

Currently the only way to pull charged CPT codes is Clinical Adhoc Report, Coding with Item Detail, and Patient Account Detail.
Pre-Admission Report

Current Fields: Patient Name, Room#, Account Number, F/C, Age, Sex, Marital Status, Service Code, Phone, Physician, Expected Date, Med Rec.

Dashboard version either needs to have additional fields maid available in Columns,(Advance options) Or have CSV versions with additional fields.

Fields that Clients have asked for: Initials, Balance, Patient Stay Type, Patient Sub Type, , Orders Present (Y/N), Original F/C, Current F/C, Linked to Scheduler (Y/N), Pre-Certification #, Payment, Temp Reg (Y/N)
We need a user friendly way to build reports such as Microsoft Report Builder or Crystal Reports leveraging SQL database access that doesn't require advanced expertise in SQL. Can Thrive produce an application or module that would allow community hospital personnel to easily create customized reports from database files. Thrive's existing Ad Hoc reporting is not being developed to include newer SQL database tables and report dashboard doesn't include all database table fields that we need.
Would like to see the ability to select and pull data from the database to build any report we determine is necessary. Would also like the ability to share these reports we would create with other facilities.
Provide clients with one report dashboard report that combines both current Temporary Registration Exceptions and Incomplete Register Report.


Data Points Many Clients are Looking for include:

Patient Name, Account Number, MR#, Age, Gender, Initials, Admission Date, Admission Time, Discharge Date, Discharge Time, Expected Date, Balance, Patient Stay Type, Patient Sub Type, Service Code, Orders Present (Y/N), Original F/C, Current F/C, Linked to Scheduler (Y/N), Pre-Certification #, Payment
The Co-Signature/Verbal Orders Report and the Outstanding Orders Reports can only be run via System Menu. Neither reports have advanced filtering options nor can they be run in an output outside of PDF.

NEED:

* The ability to run the Cosignature/Verbal Orders Report and the Outstanding Orders Reports via Report Dashboard.
* Both reports will need advanced filtering options (ex. run by individual physicians, by patient, filtering by signing/cosigning physician, etc.)
* Would also need more output format options (i.e. html, CSV, etc.)
All states have county code listings using 3 digit codes, but if a facility needs to add an out of state county code, it isn't possible if the 3 digit code already exists in that state. The federal government Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Census Bureau use FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standards) codes for each state along with the County code. These are ANSI recognized codes that can be found at https://www.census.gov/library/reference/code-lists/ansi/ansi-codes-for-states.html

The State-County Code list can be found at

https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/decennial/2010/partners/pdf/FIPS_StateCounty_Code.pdf

Using the FIPS code along with the county code creates a 5 digit number that's unique and would enable facilities to add any county within the US and it's territories.
Ability to create specific database codes that will route information to the patient's account profile.
Create report for accrual balances that includes the annual max
Provide clinicians and admins with the ability to pull reports by date of service as opposed to admit date. Sometimes the official date of service doesn't always correspond with a specific admit date based on type of service provided for Behavioral Health services specifically.
Current Patient Information Report is very resourceful for clients. Many clients have asked for charged CPT with modifier. Currently clients are merging Patient Information Screen report or Patient AR/MR AdHoc with Clinical AdHoc.
Options within Reporting Templates to apply a Merge and Pivot functionality. This will allow Report Template Merge option across templates/reports. Then also offer the ability to Pivot the report ahead of generation.
Improve HIM Coders workflow by providing the ability to add and edit value codes, condition codes, and occurrence codes within the HIM Grouper.

Location: System Menu > Account > Medical Records > Grouper

Currently Coders have to close out of the Grouper > Select Patient Function Screen > Select Each Insurance Claim> Coding > Add Value, Condition, Occurrence Code
I'd like to be able to run reports using the "Care Team" fields rather then just the "Attending", "Primary", and "Secondary" tabs in the Stay section of Census.
The report, needs to have clearer headers (osemplog_internal and osemplog_otp). Need definite actions associated with what is listed in osemplog_event clarified. Like "Login: Runner" vs "Login: Thrive UX" within the same seconds. Are both using UX? Is one when System Menu is accessed via WC? Please see example below.

| 8/1/2022 | 7:08:26 |
 |
 | Y | N | Login |
| 8/1/2022 | 7:08:39 |
 |
 |
 |
 | Login: Runner |
| 8/1/2022 | 7:08:43 |
 |
 |
 |
 | Login: Thrive UX - GHMHDOC01 |

|
 |
 |
 |
We pull data from this report to use for customer satisfaction provider. This report has everything except two fields that we need "Patient Cell Phone" and "Patient Email Addr". Since these fields are not there I have to run an Ad Hoc report just to collect this data. We collect to many fields I can't use Ad Hoc to pull everything it tells me it is too large.
This would be helpful in the utilization review and determining LOS compared to the National Standard GLOS in the acute setting. Currently, when audits are run, the GLOS is greater than 15-25 days- which is appropriate for skilled allowed days. As an acute hospital, we are unable to pull reports from CPSI that give the acute GLOS for the regulatory requirements to review any stay longer than the national average GLOS.
We need to run a report with the specific CPT/ICD-10 codes pulling to it, along with the patient MRN, admit date, and Procedure date. Everything will pull to the Medical Records Procedure Index Report (found in the Report Dashboard) except the procedure date. Please add this piece of data to that report. AND do NOT combine all CPT/ICD-10 codes under 1 visit, split them out among the different procedures. If a patient is admitted and has multiple procedures, those should be separate line items, currently they are not.
Charging Application and/or HIM Charging Application needs enhancement to provide better workflow for users. More non-clinical staff are migrating to using the charging application. Additional Features for HIM Coders, Revenue Cycle Staff, Chart Review

Location: Charts > Search Patient > Select Account > Charging:

* Add Display: Account Admission and Discharge Date and Time
* Add Display: Insurance Code and Insurance Code Description - HIM and other staff have to go in and out of Charging Application to review insurance information
* Enhance Lookup: Add a drop down for Department - Not having a drop down or lookup staff have a department print out of the departments
* Add Search Option: Need a CPT Code Lookup - many coders and billers who charge would like to have CPT Codes lookup
* Add Feature to Edit Charge Code - Need the ability to add a Modifiers
* Review Screen needs to have the ability to sort and filter options. Posted or Pending, Include AR date vs Service Date, Stay, Sub Type, Service, QTY, Dept, User, Charge Code, Charge Description, CPT Code, Physician Profee#, NCD#
Need scanned images (Radiology Reports) to display within the radiology card
It would be very helpful if the Report Dashboard reports would allow you to filter, in the Advanced screen, by any COLUMN that you can add to the report. There are numerous dashboard reports I've tried to filter by a column I added to the report, but, that was not possible. The Columns option has many more fields available than the Advanced screen where we can add criteria. One example is the Revenue Detail Report.
1. Create a charge entry screen clients can apply discounts to patient's account
2. Add or Modify Cycle Code, Collect Code, and/or Bill Switch
3. Display Projected New AR / Bad Debt Balance
4. Create Post Button (top) - Launch users into Review Work Areas Post Print Screen
Feedback from Advance Reporting presentation during National Client Conference. Clients would like the ability to run more reports on the Dashboard. Example reports are the Inventory Cost Report, the Cash Flow Analysis and Revenue by Financial Class report. They need to be able to get more data into Excel for auditors and internal reporting, as well as to take advantage of the Advanced options like Filtering, Sorting, Column Maintenance and Scheduling.
Create a way to have Thrive System auto discharge visits.

Clients can set parameters like: patient stay type, sub type, service, bed, and/or location.

Then have system auto fill in discharge date/time, discharge code, and discharge condition.


This can especially benefit TPEHR and Hospital Outpatient Ancillary Services, OP Recurring/Series, etc.
We report as do many other facilities to different grants, state, and federal agencies. Which usually require clinical data and financial for submission. In many cases we have to run two different reports.
There are clients who are using Chart Complete Date within the Grouper to show that the chart is clear of deficiencies. Location of Field in Grouper. (System Menu > Account > Medical Records > Grouper > Patient Summary > Edit > Chart Complete Date).


Medical Record Billing Report is a communication tool to monitor coded vs uncoded accounts. Adding Database fields: Chart_Complete Date Chart_Complete_UB can better assist HIM Management and COders to validate that an audit has been completed.


Location of the Report: Report Dashboard > Medical Records Billing Report > Advance Options > Columns:

Chart_Complete Date

Chart_Complete_UB
From Amalia Salazar at Holy Cross Hospital on NPS survey:

I would like to see improvement with HIM report functionality specifically to reports related to deficient records for physicians. Currently the process includes a lot of manual processes for data collection.
when multiple lines set up give option to exclude from insurance journal. Melinda Fields 270-298-4806
For the Hospital Nursing Tracking Board create a Length of Stay (LOS) column that calculates in days rather than minutes or hours.
Many Business Office &/or Medical Records staff are auditing the patients chart to catch errors and/or missing revenue, and chart compliancy. There is a need to create a Bill Switch Code for Chart Audit Hold for self pay account.

Some are using Evident Bill Switches (A or I). Other clients that are not using Contract Billing are creating codes and having staff load it to prevent self pay account from being processed in the statement run process.
I would love to see the revenue code added to the initial charge summary code display screen. Many times the site knows the revenue code but doesn't know what charge summary codes are tied to that revenue code. Path is Tables / Business Office / Charge Summary Codes. Please make the column sortable.
A number of our CR clients complain about not having access to reporting,

The system, however, can do much more than can be learned easily. If we offered a service to do Reporting, data mining, ect. for a fee it would embody our goal to "Clear the way for Care" This could be a service that addresses a high area of need without or before additional product development. I would recommend this for both Evident and Trubridge
There are numerous reports on Report Dashboard that are able to be added and appear to be functional but in fact are not. It would make Report Dashboard much more manageable and useful for sites if these unusable/partial built/inaccurate/not recommended reports could be removed.
We frequently need to know admit and discharge times, but they are not available (that anyone knows of at this point) in any reports. The same users that utilitze the Census Days Stay report need this info. Can this be added to the Census Days Stay report please? Those ad-hoc reports are a hard stop for many, especially compared to the report dashboard. Laura
Within the Grouper Summary Screen, Diagnosis Screen, and/or Procedure Screen. Create button Launch Encoder and Import from Encoder.

Create a way for coders to launch encoder and import codes within the Grouper.
Clients need a more efficient way work through pre-admit, temp reg, duplicate profiles/accounts, mismatch data, incomplete orders and documentation and deficient data/information. Clinic and Hospital staff duties and responsibilities are not siloed to a specific "Thrive Application." User are having to navigate in and out of multiple screens and modules just to update, edit data and information. There is a need to create an interactive deficiency work queue that allows users to stay on one screen drill down or have popup boxes. Users should be able to open additional window to view documents/images. Users from any area can access and work down their components of what make the profiles or account incomplete.

There needs to be tables in which manages can setup Requirements & Exceptions

* Types of queues
* Assignment of Staff
* Mismatch data
* Merge criteria for profiles and accounts
* Departmental Requirements. Example Pre-Authorization, Scheduling, Admission, Legal Patient Forms, Scanned Documents, CPT/DX billing requirements, Duplicate Profiles, Same Day OP and OP Recurring, ins billing requirements, Payments vs Patient Responsibility, Network/Non-Network physician ins billing requirements, Statements, Collections, AR account balance,, etc...
Surgical hospitals need the surgery cost per case data from item master tab 2, pref cards charges or wasted that is viewable via the BID in a Surgeon productivity scorecard type of format see SIT 9458838

The ability to create productivity scorecards is available from CPSI from the fields on the attached file. This has been presented to the BID team with specific setup instructions in the past but got no traction.
Medical Records or Authorized Team Member needs a more efficient way to transfer, verify, and authorize patient data to be transferred/moved to another visit.

Currently clients are having to manually print and rescan. Or upload into PDF.
Manage Pre-admit orders in the new Order Entry module within AHT
Need to have the option to search in Thrive UX Charge entry by CPT codes. Need to have the option to add modifiers in Thrive UX Charge entry.
The current merging process is entirely manual meaning there is significant room for error. A better merging process would be especially useful to newly converted clients.
Please can you add the option "URGENT" in the referral/transition of care field? We would also like to see the "URGENT" to run in the pulled report form the report dashboard.
Currently, the ED log report in Report Dashboard is the only accurate report to capture all the ED patients that enter the hospital.(have verified that with situation 10043910). With CMS and Joint Commission asking facilities to assess their patient's health-related social needs, we need to pull this information on all patient types. We want to look at ED returns by gender, race, ethnicity, language, diagnosis, DRG, zip code, etc. Can you add this to the ED log column options?
Clinical Staff have to access Thrive's System Menu, change departments to Reg Dept., access the patient's visit, just to print out armbands and/or labels. Clinical staff need to have the ability to within their own applications to print desired armbands and/or labels.
pull an excel file every month for utilization review needs. Ex: patients discharged same day as admit, one day discharges, extended stay patients (greater than 5 days), and readmits within 30 days.
Location Maintenance allows the user access to all of the fields that are required to be filled in when changing the Stay Type. Why is the change of stay type not captured through the Location Maintenance for the Critical Access Module to create the CAH Log? The requirement of using the System Menu and Change Stay Type is several extra steps and half of the time the log isn't created and we spend more time on the back end allocating the charges than we did before we transitioned to the CAH Module.
the daily schedule needs to pull the info from appt confirmation manager instead of running two reports.
Restructure the cost/payment system to allow for more flexibility for poor hospitals to take advantage of add-ons and extra partnership opportunities without the interface charges.
Sites need the ability to print receipts by attending physician. This is important for sites when trying to determine physician reimbursement. The request is to have the attending physician field added as a column to the Receipts by Date Report.
Would like an easy way to copy over radiology report impression or other reports from the Reports and Attachments section into Notes.
Location: System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Master Selection > Receipting > Guarantor Lookup Screen:

Have similar to Patient List Screen

Guarantor Display by SSN# Account# or More than one (Multi) Displays Grand total :

* Total Number of Visits
* Total Number of Accounts Ins Billed but Unpaid
* Total $ Insurance Billed Amount
* Total Number of Accounts Outstanding Self- Pay Balance
* Total $ Self Pay Balances
* Total Number of Bad Debt Accounts
* Total Bad Debt Balance
* Total Number of Accounts in Charity Care
* Total $ in Charity Care
* Last Self Pay Payment Date
* Last Self Pay Payment Amount
* Last Payment Account #


Toggle into Guarantor display list of all associate accounts:

* Admission and Discharge Date
* Bad Debt Balance
* Original F/C
* Current F/C
* Outstanding Billed but Unpaid Claim
* Total Insurance Billed Amount
* Current Aging: 30, 60, 90, 120, etc....
* Cycle Code
* Collect Code
* Charity Care (y/n)
* Charity Care Amount
* Last Self Pay Payment Date
* Last Self Pay Payment Amount
It is difficult to figure out which version of an application you are on when reading through release notes, known issues. Please add a section on the System Management Dashboard that lists the version of PDC, Notes, Patient Connect, etc that we are on.
On the radiology worklist, we need to see the patient location displayed. I would like to see room number or patient type. This is an essential part of daily workflow that needs to be on the screen without having to look at an additional screen.
When a patient account is coded, the modifier from the procedure screen within the grouper should pull the appropriate modifiers to the claim for billing. The allows for proper billing via regulations/guidelines. Saves time for manualy review and entry.
Allow sites to have an optional QR code print on patient statements so they can more easily access the facility website/patient portal.
Isolation options in the Encounter screen, should include protective.
Enhance the Current Temporary Registration Screens to have basic needs in one screen. This includes the ability to add admit/discharge date, Admit Function into a bed. Also include the ability print patient armband, label, factsheet, and access to Electronic File Management.

Location: System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Temporary Registration

System Menu > Hospital Base Menu > Person Profile > Select Patient > Create Temp Reg
I want a field added to the insurance company table for the payer's timely filing limit. This should be a 3 digit numerical field that represents days. There should be 3 fields because each payer can have up to 3 timely filing limits - Days after discharge to file the initial claim, days past primary EOB to file the secondary claim, and days to file an appeal after an EOB is received. These fields should also be added as columns to the billed but unpaid and ATB reports. This will allow users to sort ATB and billed claims by timely filing limit, hopefully reducing timely filing denials. We could also look at adding a new timely filing report to the report dashboard that shows accounts at-risk of exceeding the timely filing limit.
Currently, we are asking our clients to move toward using WebClient/Chartlink. But there are certain POC Reports that are only available in CW4. One such example is the Patient Summary report. We need to make all currently available POC Reports available in Web Client in Reports & Attachments, or in the case of the Patient Summary Report in the Patient Summary app
Display MR# on the hospital ID Banner (AHMC ranked item#23/ situation #9845963)
Create a table for adding Isolation Codes and descriptions that will be added in the Demographics application and show on various screens. Each hospital should be able to choose from standard codes or set their own codes and descriptions.
Currently there is a Chief Complaint column, but with the added functionality of the Physician Admit Reason, it would good to have a column available for that as well.
When creating new profile in Thrive Scheduler, it would be advantageous to have additional Person Profile fields and have the ability to edit the existing person profile information. Users need to have the ability to edit existing person profile information without having to switch to System Menu Profile Listing. Examples: address, race, ethnicity, language, marital status, guarantor, smoker, and contacts. Patient Connect there is an opportunity for software enhancements to include the patient/authorized representative/guardian to add or edit demographic/billing information.
There needs to be a report that pulls in all orders, order location, including the ordering provider. This report also needs complete patient information and insurance information. We had a report like this in Centriq that we used EVERY DAY for reporting, stats, etc. There is no report even close to this in Thrive.
Currently Date of Service and Admission date are the same, due to uses within Hospital and Clinic, the DOS and admission date could be different information, currently it all pulls the admission date but with two titles. Please vote to help improve data pull
Payment Posters should be able to perform the following all in one space without having to jump in and out of multiple screens just to post manual remits, process ERAs, apply adjustments, review parts of clinical chart, review parts of HIM Grouper, Insurance Screens, etc.


Update settings similar to HIM Grouper.

* Create Navigation Panel

** Insurance Receipting, Insurance Billing/Claims, Grouper Patient Summary, Diagnosis, Procedure, Charging, Order Chronology, Location, Notes, E-Form, Reports & Attachments, Clinical History, Vitals, MAR, Labs, PACS, Ins Tickler, Collections Tickler

* Buttons

** Update Work Area From ERA File, Review & Post - Unposted Payments, Print Edit List, Clear All, Delete, Create New Claim, Policy Information Screen, Prior Payments & EOB

* Patient Account Display Panel Top of screen (Similar to Patient Display in charts)

** Basic Account Info: Name, DOB, Services, Stay Type/Sub, Service, Attending phy
** List of current claim status with dates.
** Account Summary/ Status - Notes, Total Charges, Total Adjustment, Ins Payments, Patient Payments, AR Balance, Bad Debt Balance

* Manual Remit Posting Entry Lines

** Billed Amount, Contractual and Approved amount need to be available to overkey
** Additional Lines to assign adjustments and write offs -System display new projected account balance

*** Reason Codes Assignment
*** Rejection Code Assignment

* Create Unposted Payment Screen

** Dropdown fields Change Remit Date, Change AR date,
** Button Post, Delete, Clear All, PDF Print, CSV, Spool to File
** Users have the ability to review and edit lines

*** Click to highlight display current account status and projected account status
*** list each remit per row
*** columns display

**** account, service date, receipt code, claim status, billed amount, approved amount, coinsurance, non covered, reimbursements, contractual GL contractuals, applied to detectable, Payment Status, Reason Codes, Rejection code, applied adjustments charge number, charge amount, charge qty
Create system to not allow the entry of charges on any date except for the registered encounter date of service. i.e. encounter on 5/5/24; charges entered by staff on 5/8/24 will NOT be allowed to be saved with a date of service other than 5/5/24. Staff do not have to remember to back date the charges and the system does it automatically. The report would show the date of the person performing the entry of 5/8/24 however the end users would not require to "clean-up" anything because the date of charges matches the date of service. Thank you.
I use the Patient Information Screen report (Previous Day) to combine with a Revenue Detail Report (Previous Day) filtered for a particular service line. We send these reports to a 3rd party biller. Services provided to Inpatients do NOT show up on the Patient Information Screen report if they are not admitted or discharged on that particular day. We need an option to run the report for DATE OF SERVICE to capture IP services for any specified day.
Need to create a column in the charge templates where the CPT codes display for the provider not just the descriptor. Most providers work from CPT codes rather than the descriptions and with the descriptions allowing for customization sometimes the description doesn't match the actual CPT descriptor AND the item master description field has limited characters so entering the CPT number in this takes up space.
It would be useful to have a way, other than a third-party software, to download the data from within the Antimicrobial Review Report to a format that would allow submitting to NHSN.
Consider adding reporting for code status information for residents for auditing purposes. Current process requires manual review of each chart one by one.
Currently the Backup Status on the System Management Dashboard shows all backups for the past year all at once. Either it needs filtered to the past couple of days or add a scroll option. I don't really need to see the last years backup status for each job. It's especially bothersome when I'm trying to see relevant information below that I have to scroll for ever to find like the auto install date for patches.
In the event that the service date is not noted within the note itself, it will be in the header of the note.
It would be very helpful to many people if the Admit date/physician name would be displayed in the Demographic bar/banner inside the patient account. Admit date being higher priority over physician. This info would best be displayed in front of or near the account # close to the patient's name.
21.08.00 – Thank you for putting the verbal/cosign orders report into report dashboard.

I would like to suggest some points to allow for increased usability and function. Please give the report custom and scheduled report options like every other report writer template.

We need the ability to add columns such as order type (Lab, Rad, PT, etc.). Would also like to see options to filter by patient demographics.

UseCase: We want to see all unsigned Lab only orders for stay type 5, sub type SK, and service code S. Plus I want to be able to save this search and schedule it to run every Monday morning at 0700.

Minimum fields to add as columns and filters – I do feel there should be more

Order type – Lab, Xray, PT etc.
Stay type
Sub type
Service code
Physician Group
Physician/Midlevel ordering
Physician to sign the order
Physician who signed the order (for the signed orders option)

The columns should be on the cvs output of the report. Thus when you export to cvs, you have better options to filter that what the current report columns present.
Ability to add more custom fields.

■ The limit is 4 text boxes.

■ Needs to be more comprehensive.

(AHMC ranked item#25/ situation #9904365)
Reference Situation 9995385


We use med verify in every place we can to ensure we keep patients safe. This means that more than the routine nursing department uses the application. We have other departments (identified by a unique department number) such as IV therapy, at least five clinics, surgery etc. that use med verify as well.

ISSUE: For both the med verify report by patient and med verify report by employee, you cannot drill down to see specific department use of med verify. You get every med verify entry from every area using med verify for the selected date range. This is a very messy data lump and not really helpful.

The reports (report dashboard templates) do not have the advanced options to filter out (or in) what you need to report on.

EX: I only want to see med verify compliance for department 020 (routine services) for a time period.

I know you can take the data, dump into excel, then either sort/filter or bring in other elements to make the complete report. This takes to long to get a meaningful report.

This is the one step report we want: For a time range, all med verify use that occurred on Routine Nursing Services.


We are also seeing a need to expand the reporting so that we can monitor med verify by stay type and sub type.

EX: For a time range and department routine services all type 1 accounts with a sub type of XX and a service code of ZZ. Or even for a time range and department routine services all type 1 accounts with a service code of ZZ.

A solution would be to add the Advanced Option to both reports. I can create my report parameters and save them. When I need the data, load the saved report and change the data parameters. The advanced options should include a section for patient demographic elements. It might even want to include a medication section to get specific medication elements.


Path to reports: All paths take you to report dashboard. Easiest way is login WebClient - report dashboard - find the two reports. You can only run based on output and time range and a sort only on one version of the report.

Bottom Line. We want to know our med verify compliance numbers for a single department. We only want to see that one department. Then within that department, dig deeper using patient demographic elements to query for that information. here may even be a need to include medication information as well. Antibiotics, med verify compliance for scheduled medications. We do not want to be limited in selecting the data we want. .
Currently, the only way to do this in Thrive is through user setup fields in the payroll application, which not all facilities use. It would be helpful for all credential fields associated with users to share the same value, or at least mirror the payroll field in another user setup screen.
Default to today's date on physician order report so when printing orders only the ones placed today will print out.

--or--

Create a current day selection for acknowledged date range in physician order report, make this the default setting. This make printing out orders easier for nurses to print out.
Physician Reason for Admit / Admitting Diagnosis (AHMC ranked item22/ situation #9914727)
We need to be able to navigate to System Security Setup from within AHT.

As system administrators and facility administrators we have to be able to access security throughout the day without having to exit the application and log back in to access security.
Physicians need to be able to insert reports into Notes application
Need ability to discharge a resident or transfer their room in AHT instead of having to navigate back to LTC to do this. This will help close the loop with afterhours/weekend clinical staff that do not navigate to LTC for most of their workflows.
Sometimes we run into situations when Future orders are entered from a "100" account. That can be on a Stay Type 1, 2, or 3. But order Requisitions are available to print only if the patient is registered as a clinic patient (Stay Type 4). When patients opt to have the orders completed at a location outside the facility, there's not a way for users to print order requisitions to send with the patient for use at an outside location. If Future orders can be placed using any stay type, then order requisitions should be available from Order Chronology on any stay type.
The list is very lengthy when scrolling trying to find your database code when building an Ad Hoc report from an EFORM. Takes longer to find the code than to actually build the report.
The adhoc reporting in Thrive is not user friendly and should not be as difficult to use. TAT reports and corrected reports should be easy to pull.
Add a drop-down list for the Stay Type, Sub Type, and Service Code directly from the corresponding TABLE. We have a filter for each of these, but it would be much more efficient to SELECT the code from a list. These 3 types/codes are displayed in the resulting LIST by default (see attached screenshot).
Instead of having to go to System Menu -> Master Selection -> IMS Utilities you can go to the System Administration and have it listed just like System Management Dashboard.
Please consider adding an option within the charge application to allow for default checking of charges during the build of charge sets.
We need a method to enable additional FDB warnings like drug-to-drug, drug-to-allergy and drug-to-food interactions within AHT Order Entry.
It would be helpful to be able to change order type (verbal/telephone/etc) through the system menu. It would be even better to be able to change order type in the ancillary schedules.
It would be beneficial to have access to Medical Necessity within TWC patient screens (within the order chronology or reports and attachements). Also, a report to review if Medical Necessity was needed/completed available in report dashboard.
We need a way to hard stop all fields in the ER Log to completed before nursing can discharge the patient from the tracking board. We are missing a lot of critical data.
Create a button or an area inside of the PO that allows us to re-print the delivery ticket instead of having to go out to the print report area.
LEVEL OF CARE CHANGE: ADMISSION / DISCHARGE ORDER NOTIFICATION:

* Staff that have to perform registration process need to have an alert / notification when there is an Physician/Nursing Order for admission, level of care change or Discharge for a patient. ***Alert / Notification visually appealing. And/or option print notification***
* Information from the orders information needs to be displayed within the Change Stay Type / Admit to Hospital / CAH Module Level of Care Change.

** Users can perform task in one space without having to navigate between admit to hospital screen and order chronology. Revenue Cycle / HIM want the to have the admit and discharge dates to reflect off the order and not based on when user was able to perform the task. This is important when reviewing observation hours and verify charges/orders dropped correctly

* Once completed there needs to be a inbound / outbound notification to the nursing station, care team, ancillary, and pharmacy that patient Admission / Level of Care has been changed or patient discharged.

REPORTING:

Information that is currently being logged in the Service Log (System Menu > Account > Census > Misc Option > Service Log) and the Location Summary (System Menu > Account > Location Summary ) need to be combined together into a report. This information along with patient demographics, order information, length of stay by day or hour/mins.

This will help Revenue Cycle, HIM, CNO, DON, Case Management and Quality to track movement of the patient and agency reporting requirements. Many clients currently are manually tracking and/or combine multiple data points from different areas to get this information.
All Reports need to have the option to export to Excel!!!!! We need to be able to have this option. There is a lot of good information in the reports in Thrive, but we have to be able to pull it over to Excel so we can manipulate the data and make it useful to us.
Please consider adding LTC service providers to AHT entry process to help close the loop on basic resident information that is missing from AHT on residents that requires users to navigate back to LTC post admission to complete.


Topic  5:
----------
This would be really helpful because everyone wants names and account numbers.
add commas to numbers
Would like a pdf option for individual order sets for a downtime process.

I am aware of the Report Dashboard- Order set/List Protocol Report but want individual order sets for individual patients.
This can be found by running a Service log Report, but it only exports as a PDF which is not as useful as a .csv file.
I would like to be able to generate a report that will tell me what users have access to which fax numbers.
In Centriq there was a report called "Order Sets Missing Item Numbers". This report would list orders/items that were changed or discontinued that would fall off order sets. In TruBridge there is no way to know by the order set builder if a lab test, medication, etc., that has been changed or removed. I had put in a situation looking for a report and the report that was shown to me was a PDF list of all the item numbers. No Excel capabilities to be able to sort by item numbers if you happened to know the item number. There is no way to know without opening every order set, which sets are affected.
there needs to be the ability to reuse or delete login with assigned numbers in thrive
VTE risk level needs to be placed inside of the VTE orders. It often gets missed being in another area outside of the VTE order set. Although it does flag on the quality dashboard -- that is too late. Patient could have already developed a blood clot because it doesn't report until discharge.
We would like to see canned user access sets with applications, security and behavior standard by role. 
whether GL or AP or AR, there are no commas in the numbers--this is a financial platform-ADD COMMAS
Please allow for modification of log in name. Example if person gets married, name change, etc. I went to re-enable an old test doc account today that was set up as numbers only and was unable to enable it because it was set up as only numbers for a log in originally.
1. We should have a Prescription management area similar to Order Sets. This way I could build my physicians favorites for them, as well as share them with their colleagues. When a new nurse is hired I can add the favorites for her. Right now I'm having to have them log into their session and build them for them.
The font when printing the PDF is too small. We have gotten complaints at the size of the print and that when faxed it becomes even more unclear.
It would be helpful to be able to run a report that would show if specific order sets are being utilized on a regular basis dependent on the patient dx.
Medical supply shortages create a need to replace items in MD order sets. It would be helpful to have a mass change option to replace items that appear hundreds of times, such as covid tests.
CPSI has report they can run on who has security switches. We need the same type of report on who has a specific application, behavior and screens. This is for security audits and in today's example, we need to remove a behavior but don't know which users have it so going thru every single user is not realistic nor does it help us with security compliance and reporting
Combining 2 or more order sets into one. Multiple lengthy orders (order sets) that are repeated in multiple other order sets, if they could be built into their own individual set and combined where needed. and the individual order sets could be updated updating all versus finding all the order sets with each needing updated. example -our providers perform VTE screen and proph. its in almost all of their order sets (not all but almost) i am updating this now. thats my next dream factory request- making order set build user friendly
Please add an option for PDF so that if we desire we can put the report to PDF. Sometimes the data is more desirable in a PDF document.
So when running an aging report those items would be on there as needing to be "paid".
we need to be able to run eligibility in one spot for all. As of now we are trying to use eligibility in PC for patients but we can only run the primary ins. but it doesn't give the option to.
We need to have the conversion factor accept non-whole numbers. For instance, if we have a drug that has a 1.5 multiplier we can only put 1 or 2. Either way we are not billing the correct amount of drugs given. Drug is billed at 500mg and the multiplier is 750 mg, but on the claim it looks like we either did 500 or 1000 mg. Does this not flag as incorrect dosage amount in an audit?
I have many reports in my Dashboard but some I use more often than others. I would like to mark a report as a Favorite and have a radio button to see my favorite reports for quick access. Sometimes I even forget which report I like to run for certain data because of the name. It would be nice when we mark as Favorite if we can add an alternate name. (Similar to how the Prescription Entry Favorite Meds allows renaming).
when verifying orders as a pharmacist there needs to be more filter, options, or color coding to separate all the orders the pharm sees.
We have order sets for some of our outside providers who send us written orders. There needs to be a way to default those order sets to that provider even though they don't have a ubl and to default the type of order to a written order, because that is what it is.
We have large numbers of order sets, and it would be a huge time saver to be able to add/remove an item en masse. For example, a new or discontinued medication currently could require changes individually to many order sets (we have over 200).
We introduced Snapshot Auditing with version 20.00.00. The new audit especially the change logs has proven valuable to sites and useful in troubleshooting our EHR.
Currently the Security Audit Screen, the high level screen report that defines all transactions in a columnar format per the ASTM standard, has two export options. A CSV export that is useful in investigation as well as a PDF option that will PDF the rows on the screen in a formal print report with the "Generated by Thrive EHR" watermark in the header that provides formal proof that the audit went from tamper resistant db to a PDF. Because of timing back then, including these two helpful tools proved to be a bit more complicated for the Change Log, so we decided to wait until there was signficant need for these capabilities across the user base before taking another look.

IMPROVEMENT

When a site is audited for promoting interoperability (MU), they must produce documentation that shows when specific settings are set. For example, enabling CDS Alerts or Setting Drug to Drug Clinical Interactions. This information is stored in the _aulog table and available to sites through the change log screen for that table. The need has arrived for a formal report from the _aulog tables via the Change Log Screen.

PROPOSED SOLUTION

Add a PDF button option to the Change Log Screen
PATH: Thrive UX -> System Administration -> Security Change Log
Functionality should be one of two ways:
either PDF what already has been generated and appears on the screen.
or make the option a "Generate and PDF" option that takes the parementers keyed in and instead of generating them to the field area of the screen, it simply builds a .PDF in the background.
Add a CSV button option to the Change Log Screen
PATH: Thrive UX -> System Administration -> Security Change Log
Functionality should be one of two ways:
either convert to CSV what already has been generated and appears on the screen.
or create a "Generate and Export (CSV)" option that takes the parementers keyed in and instead of generating them to the field area of the screen, it simply builds a .CSV in the background.﻿
Merrimack is stating that the lack of HIPAA Audit reporting for AHT items similar to LTC is causing an interruption to their rollout of new products and they are considered At Risk.﻿
Some of our order sets are very large, and it would be beneficial to have the ability to open a group of orders within the set only if needed while placing orders. So often we are recreating the same orders over and over and over on different order sets, like VTE prophylaxis, care bundles, diets, etc.
When running an Audit Log for Hipaa, can we get a new tool that is more detailed as to what the program is to actually show what the employee is doing.
Site is a large hospital and often has receipts in the millions. They have had several days when their contractual total over 10Million. The insurance receipt screen truncates numbers over 9,999,999.99. The review screen was not out of balance, so they didn't catch this until trying to balance cash. If it can't accept the larger total, maybe give a warning that the totals are truncated and they need to split the transactions.
I would like to be able to build a shell of non-IV items with multiple components. For example IM Rocephin is always mixed with lidocaine but that vial only is frequently picked instead of the multi component order creating charting and charging issues. Or Geodon that is reconstituted with sterile water...
When orders are added per an order set, order chron needs to group these items together or color code them some how to make them less confusing and decrease missing items that should stay together
A user cannot view or print a pay stub without downloading the pay stub. This is problematic as there are shared computers throughout our facility and pay stubs get left behind by previous users. This needs to be VIEW option only, if someone needs to print one it should be a print to PDF, not download. Laura Colbert
The Order Set/List/Protocol Report is a good idea, but needs further development to be useful. The following is needed to make this an effective tool:

1) the order set name needs to be included in the header for the order set.You can't tell which order set you are looking out without investigation into the content.

2) The orders/headers need to be reported in the same order as they are built in the order set. If a header belongs to a set of orders it needs to display in that manner. It is not helpful at all to have all of the headers listed together. Respect the order.

3) There needs to be an option for a page break between order sets.

4) There should be an option to select ONLY the order sets you want in the report.....currently is all or nothing.


I have tried and tried to find a use for this report, but have resorted to manually taking screen shots as it really isn't helpful in its current format. PLEASE make these changes. This would be such a powerful report with these changes.
We have the Patient Audit Log and Security Audit Logs that print a Program name and a short description of what was accessed. This frequently does not give enough information to know what screen was accessed. Need some means of determining more information based on the program name.

The Security Audit users guide gives some examples which are helpful, but it seems like a listing should be possible.

ex: What data would be accessed by programs: XPCSAVEORD, XLACUMV2, XRGPATNOTEUP with Data Accessed: FLPPATDOC?
There has got to be a better way to create a referral and send it electronically; there is seriously way too many steps to this process and nothing guides the user to do it correctly.
Since Temp Reg not functional in ClinDoc or TWC, need the ability to process Order Sets. FO has the ability to process only Ancillary orders-this forces providers to send paper order sets to the hospital when it could be done electronically.
When adding items to order sets such as ancillary or medication items, it's necessary to add additional information for clarity, especially if the order set is a Protocol. But the only place the additional information is visible is in CPOE. Once the order is processed and it goes to Order Chron, only the item description from the item master is displayed. It would be very helpful to nursing if the additional information displayed on the Order Chron screen. See the attached screenshots for an example.
Translation tables are difficult to manage because we cannot pull a report of the variable already added and clean up duplicates.

There could be more features or a least reprint features of the interfaces to get utilization , alerts if errors occur , and so forth. IMS is too basic, I understand making it mostly view only unconfigurable , so client don't break it - but give us more features.
It is extraordinarily cumbersome to look up and enter all information needed for entries in the Physician Referral Table. Functionality that pulls from this table should be able to rely on a query at the point of use. This would: 1) prevent the necessity to spend countless hours searching, entering, reviewing, and updating information 2) would help to bolster CCDA sending numbers for Promoting Interoperability 3) would facilitate efficiency and communications between providers of care.
We need a report that can be run to determine what Notes template a user used to document a note.
We do not have FMS. It would be great if I could run a report (not and ADHOC) and have the option to come up in excel. When it comes up in PDF and you try to covert it the information does not convert correctly.
there is no way to build multiple titration protocols for a single item; in an order set or as an single order. there needs to be a way to default in more than one protocol to a drug. there also needs to be a protocol attached to a drug without requiring a cosign
It would be beneficial for the PDF that we can download from the Release Notes to be an actual text searchable PDF instead of the image PDF which yes you can read just fine but if you are looking for specific words or phrases it's useless.
We often need to sort Order Chron using filters and column sorting, but when you create a PDF, it does not reflect any sorting. Additionally, we need the ability to create a PDF with only the orders selected, for example, to send discharge orders to a nursing home, for insurance, etc.
Add something to delineate between patients in the new printable 'My patients' medication PDF.
When using System Management in either TUX or TWC there are no numbers in front of the options and there are no 'buttons' for the options. One has to guess on the number for the different options. This makes managing tasks in this module more difficult and looks very unprofessional.
Create Nursing Order should be an option when building Order Sets/Item Master for Ancillary Orders. For example: Ancillary order for Oxygen, I want to be able to default check Create Nursing Order
example under Job Title: Registered Dietitian Nutritionist does not fit;

Reg Dietitian Nutritionist does not fit. I really don't want to have to get job titles that are "too long" approved for our facilities abbreviation list?
Enhancement to be able to create headers and footers in the Electronic Forms Application.
Header and footer would allow the use of Page Numbers and the ability to assign headers to specific pages.
A report that could be run to see the last time an item was used so that old items can be disabled
I would like to be able to send a message to both of my nurses/our office group. Then we all know what's going on. If one person is out, the other can tend to the issue. Similar to a group chat or messaging system.
When screening patients for Lung cancer using a Low Dose Chest CT the reports have a grading scale similar to Bi-rads in mammography. It would be useful to build a system, like what already exists in mammography, where we could input Lung-rad results and have the same functionality as mammography, generate reports and follow up letter reminders, etc. This would make it very easy to launch or strengthen a lung cancer screening program.
Right now when learn about how to build Flowcharts, attend a 4 day POC Workshop. Flowcharts need to be on its own.
This is often missed in our busy ER, and it would be helpful to have a prompt on the discharge checklist.
TTY's have always been a pain point in CPSI. Issues with TTY's are compounded when facilities use VDI applications like Horizons VM Ware since users are assigned sessions randomly from a pool every time they log in and it's like logging into a new device. Because of this, they also need to install ThriveHelper with each new session. In the process of going through the steps so System menu can be utilized, users are asked for their Terminal ID. The only way they can find it is if they're savvy enough to open TUX and go to System Menu> Thrive UX > Options > Misc > Terminal ID.


To avoid going through this "ritual" every time they log into TWC, it makes more sense for the TTY to be assigned on the user login profile (UBL). If it's assigned to the log in, then the TTY should automatically load in the user account settings in TWC. We can assign CS numbers on user login profiles, we should have the option to assign TTY's the same way.
Reoccurring outpatients get a new account number every month. We have outpatients that come in for 6-12 weeks for IV antibiotics. If we had the ability to set a reoccurring pharmacy order that order would only need to be entered once and could be attached to multiple account numbers. A singular reoccurring order decreases the chance of human error when figuring remaining doses, not to mention is more time efficient. This would be helpful for any outpatient infusions as well as for central line/port flush standing orders. The ability to enter these as verbal or telephone orders also needs added.
The med-verify compliance report should provide a way to run by department that includes all users who administered meds in that department. So, we can get an overall score for that unit as well as identify the scores of staff administering in that unit.

Currently we can run a report by employee then have to manually in a CSV file remove users until there is only a list of users of that unit or look up each unit members score individually. A unit of 20+ staff is very time consuming.

Or we can look up by patient..... why do we need to know a patient % of administered meds scanned?? We would have to look up the patient and audit the administrations x how many patients in a month. That is not feasible.

In the old compliance report that was removed, provided the ability run the report by department that included all staff that administered in that department. That is what we need again. This has become too much of a manual process with the new report in report dashboard.
When running the Review Information By Employee Report Template and electing only to report on Active Employee Status, terminated employees are still included in the data, but with no name attached. I've also chosen to Exclude Employees, but I should not have to go in and chose individual terminations as they happen as the report should just report on active employees only. This is a problem, also, because this is a saved report that is scheduled to run monthly so if those exclusions are missed and the report template not saved, those receiving the reports get misinformation.
Create a one-page handoff report, similar to 24-Hour Summary or Shift Summary that nurses can use as their handoff communication to the next shift. The 24-hour Summary/Patient Summary report is an excellent resource, but loads too many pages per patient because of the lack of customization to remove certain categories such as the graphic vitals/I&O and immunizations. For nursing departments that have long-stay patients or higher ratios, having a singular page per patient, or even for their whole assignment, would be efficient to their workflow and help them communicate pertinent information to the oncoming nurse.
Dream Factory is nice to promote ideas that do not exist or functions/workflows that need refined, but I wish there was a forum to ask general questions. Questions could be open for comment by other users at different sites, or by TruBridge product owners/employees as well.

This would be similar to the networking opportunities you can gain from going to the National Conference, but a virtual option that would allow other users to connect and share ideas/workflows/etc. on a day to day basis.
It would be nice to have a report that would show the Item number and which reference Range Table Items are attached to the Item.
we are hoping to get emails to pull into an e-form like patients home phone numbers do so we have easy access for follow-up calls from our surgery department.
For example, it would be useful to see various information regarding who's submitting the most SITs, which Application Support/Application Support Group is being selected frequently, and what is the average number of days outstanding for SITs over the past 3 months.
When setting up charge sets, it would be helpful to be able to search by item number OR description. Also, being able to change the displayed description would be helpful for clinical staff. Sometimes what the item is called according to purchasing is not what a nurse calls the item. Similar to setting up physician order sets and changing the 'long description'
Users would like to be able to make certain Charge Sets a favorite in their department or have the ability to rearrange the charge sets with their favorites at the top per user, instead of having every charge set that is available in that department shown.
We would like a field for Discharge Diagnosis added to the ER Log. Chief Complaint is used for symptoms, state surveyors will review our ER Log and our policy states it must have Discharge Diagnosis on the log
We currently have to build Protocols as Order Sets & Protocols in order for Providers/Midlevels to initiate them. This is extra work upon creation and upkeep. It is also confusing to staff to see them in both places - Protocols and Order Sets. CPOE providers should be able to initiate Protocols such as Heparin, Sliding Scale ect. The only other option is for the Provider to place an order to 'Initiate ___ Protocol' and this becomes a patient safety issue if the nurse selects/orders the wrong Protocol.
We recently realized that while lab and radiology have different keep days settings, they work in tandem if an account has both labs and radiology orders. Neither the account nor the lab and radiology order numbers will not purge until the highest keep days are met. This issue is causing us to come close to running out of lab order numbers every month. This could impact us growing new services in the future.
Some patients remove the armband so we wanted to the change armband media. Currently Evident support only one media type.
CPSI clients often tackle the same challenges and hurdles as other clients in their region. A forum for clients to discuss these challenges and solutions with their peers would be nice.
PLEASE give us some way to prevent Registration from being able to add new physicians. The staff are told not to do this but we have people outside main Admitting and new employees who regularly still set up new physicians and they do not enter all the necessary information or verify the physician isn't already set up. Which leads to duplicate numbers for the same physicians and requires table clean up that shouldn't need to be done. At least give us the option if we want to allow this function or not.
We need a report for telephone, verbal, and CPOE orders because we need to be able to track it for survey requirements and also throughout the monthly
Please allow titration protocol to be built and used for Insulin drips. Currently any items set up as a diabetic record item cannot not utilize the titration protocol functionality.
Have pertinent reports run and delivered to users on scheduled basis. For instance admission and discharge reports sent to me via email as opposed to having to generate them manually.
More and more medications have GTIN 14 digit numbers, and the system currently doesn't allow pharmacy to scan a GTIN number into the Page 1 NDC field. They have to manually enter a number there. Page 2 is for the NDC, and it can have multiple possible NDC numbers, but it only allows 10-11 digits, so GTIN isn't able to be entered there. This is a problem now for medications that have GTIN, not NDC. This is going to be a bigger problem going forward as more medications have GTIN.

Increase the number of digits the identification number can have on both PAGE 1 and 2, and even better, only use the Page 2 for med verify and BCMA since more of the identification numbers can be there. Many pharmacies have multiple manufacturers they get medications from, so a hospital might have multiple packages with different numbers in the system. If page 1 can only med verify with 1 number, it is never going to work. every time a nurse scans a medication that doesn't match page 1 number it is going to fail. Maybe the system should always look at page 2 for all the possible NDC, and increase the number of digits it can have for GTIN
When is the cpsiQ material going to be update for the correct pathways? CPSI is pushing the single solution use, but I hesitate to send our new hires and conduct retraining via the cpsiQ material because the material is outdates and most of the nursing information takes them throught the TUX pathway which we don't want our new nurses falling into the habit of heavily utilizing this with exception of flowcharts.
When the pharmacist verifies a normal medication it takes about 5+ clicks to get through the process. For example, the provider orders CIWA protocol, which has 10 meds, that is 50 clicks to just verify that run through for PRN possibilities. Requesting batch verify per patient, this would allow the pharmacist to review the meds, then batch verify the items all at once, labels print, then they can move onward to the next patient. They are spending far too long sitting at the computer, clicking through PRN/Protocol orders.
The new demographic pane in the TWC is still problematic. The landscape of it only allows for so much information to show at a 100% resolution on a 17" laptop screen, which is what the majority of our nurses use at our facility to document. I have attached the screenshots, the largest resolution the entire panel will show is at 75%, which makes the rest of the information on the screen too small to be functional for safe reading. The items missing at 100% include the chief complaint and attending physician, both very important pieces of info.
It would be really helpful if there was a security switch that we could provide to allow selected individuals to unlock forms which were locked by other staff.
Formalize CPSI Version Naming Scheme

Currently, CPSI's version numbering is inconsistent. For example, if you log into CPSI and go to Special Functions → System Management → Change Management System, there are three different numbers that reference the same version: 210505, 2105.05, and 21.05.05. Ideally, these would all be written the same way.

As an alternative, I believe it would be more useful if they were prepended with the year and month followed by incremental numbers for new versions. For example, the version number 2023.11.000 would tell me that this version of CPSI was released on November 2023 and is the very first version in this month.

This would benefit all department directors who would have context for when an update is/was available just by glancing at the version's number. In the same vein, this style of numbering would help quickly indicate if their system is up to date.

One downside would be the loss of the major.minor scheme that benefits engineers/coders. A workaround could be using a mixture of dates and hierarchies. For example: 2023.11.1.1

Clarify Versions for Different Systems

If you log into Thrive and in the file menu go to Help → About, the version number shown is the Clientware's version, not the system's version. Its label should be "Clientware Version", not "Version" to reduce any confusion.

In addition, it would be helpful if the following was displayed in this same section:

1. The system's version
2. Brief explanation of version's naming scheme
3. A link to view release notes
When a patient has a long first or last name it doesn't fall corrected on facesheets, labels, reports, etc but when patients have a space in their last name (2 "words" or more) it doesn't fall right on the claims, state data, statics etc
It would be very helpful if the location of a stock item printed on a delivery ticket when those items are received.
With the ability for cosigning for Notes added to roles such as physical therapy it would be super helpful to be able to set up the cosigner rules to a role instead of having to do it for each individual.
Clients would like to have a chart deficiency system that they can build/list chart matrix for each patient type. The software could look to what documents pulled into Print Electronic Records or the logic for unsigned document reports to determine what items are delinquent. For example, physician orders, verbal/phone order, HIM and O/E transcription, consents forms, HIM Query, Esign Scanned Images, ABN, Pre-Authorization, etc...
The Scheduled Medication Report is no longer accurate and it could lead to a Patient Safety incident if used during med pass.

Change Needed:

Remove the Scheduled Medication Report from all pathways in the system. Sites continue to use this inaccurate report during med pass even though they have been informed that it's not part of our best practice recommendation.


The eMAR reports used for med pass are the Temp MAR/5 Day MAR report, and the Pt Medication List (PDF). We recommend that sites use the Pt Medication List (PDF) because it displays the scheduled meds all on one screen.


We recommend report code MAR be set up for downtime procedures, not the Scheduled Medication Report. Which is either the Temp MAR or the 5 Day MAR depending on what they have set up to pull by stay type. It's the only medication specific report we have that goes to PC Backup.


Clients take issue with the Temp MAR/5 Day MAR because it doesn't show scheduled times and it doesn't show you the times associated to the frequency. It just says BID or ACHS. These reports need to include the times.

Thrive Innovation Funnel TIF-133
Our providers routinely send patients home with future orders and this step is being missed regularly since we can not add future orders to an order set. Is there a way to add that option?
There is no way to mark referral/transition of care as internal. We need this so that it doesn't count against us on our reporting.
With an extensive formulary matching table, it takes a long time to load and add items. It would be advantageous to be able to take our formulary item and match all the applicable Micromedex items at once. (i.e. bupropion SR 150 has multiple rx norm codes and it was difficult making sure all the appropriate meds were matched--this also happens frequently with OTC supplements). Additionally, I do not like the fact that doses and frequencies can no longer be attached to items. We carry several regular release items that I would match (with the appropriate dose and strength) to an extended release product (or extended release associated with a regular release product), so the patient would not have to go without their medication or be asked to provide a non-formulary item if this was available. Without being able to give the providers this guidance, I am not comfortable in matching such items and often a patient's therapy may be interrupted for a period of time due to this.
NKA in allergy App needs to be removed - if NKA selected, drug orders cannot be processed; NKDA must be selected in order to process med orders and that is the way it should function for TJC and CMS at a minimum must address Drug allergies; please disable NKA
It would be nice if the Create a Nursing order could be pre-checked for items such as UAs so that Nursing get notification of the need to collect when order by the provider.
We are moving our PT, OT and Speech to notes. They have PT techs that they need to cosign but i can't make this happen without giving them a provider number, and i don't want to do that. Can we make it so non-providers with 5-digit numbers can cosign notes please?
When setting up radiology items, it would be helpful if the system presented SNOMED code options based on the CPT code entered in the item rather than having to guess at a code, not knowing if it is actually correct. The AMA SNOMED to CPT crosswalk exists for this purpose. Given current development of functionality using SNOMED codes in the software, it is imperative that the correct codes are mapped. It only makes sense that the software helps in this process.
The system does not currently have a mechanism to collect and/or receive laboratory specimens in Thrive via just scanning the barcode on the tube. We should be able to scan the tube to mark it either collected, received, or collected/received. (There is an option via a handheld, however, you have to scan the patient bracelet too. Outside of this, the entire process is manual). Literally, every other lab system has this capability.
The set up for delta checking of lab results is far from useful. there is a large need for this to be redesigned. It needs to be at a minimum set at each analyte and the time factor needs to be in hours instead of months. The current setting makes staff ignore the delta check alerts because of the time span used and it needs to be specific to the analyte tested and programable in either percentage or absolute value or a combination of the both so that at low values, the unnecessary flag does not occur.
When a site enters a Non A/R Receipt to correct a contractual adjustment, the amount is added to both the reimbursement and amount columns. The automatic contractual adjustment that is created with the create contractual option does not add this item in the reimbursement column. Many sites use the reimbursement column to balance to the cash deposit. Accountants don't like that this doesn't work 'correctly' and often make their staff reverse the whole receipt rather than trust that the amount column matches.
Please consider adding reporting for allergies. Currently, the only way to review this is on each individual resident. We need the ability to be able to pull a complete list or specific types of allergies, for example- all residents allergic to peanuts if we were to have an ice cream social or full list to send when residents leave the building.
When viewing the physician table in New Table Maintenance the only options for viewing are All, Staff or No-Staff. Often Registration will add a provider name that's already setup if for some reason they can't find it to register a patient. When entering the tables from New Table Maintenance, the same provider then shows multiple times, even if there's an inactive date entered on the invalid entries. There needs to be an option for showing Active and Inactive so the list is more manageable.

In addition, there needs to be minimum requirements for an entry to include at least a full name and address. See screenshot for example.
There needs to be a report that can pull productivity based on individual schedulers/registrars on number patients they have scheduled and regisered.
Can we please work on making the Zero Balance List in an excel output format, currently VERY challenging to work a PDF report nor does it convert to excel cleanly.


Topic  6:
----------
Hello! I 'd love to see who the primary nurse is from the tracking board
There are some new cool icons for fall risk, infection control, etc that display in the patients chart banner. would be great if these showed up on the tracking board.
Looking for a way to streamline and standardize workflow for our emergency department team using the patient status tracking board. It would be nice if there was a reflex option from the doctor and nursing documentation that would update the patient status on the tracking board. This would eliminate human error in forgetting to go in to change the status and would also eliminate a few extra clicks when patient care is critical.
We are installing a read only EDIS tracking board in our waiting room for family members to be able to see their patient's status, provider of care, and nurse. Our nurses do NOT want their full name displayed for safety concerns. There should be an option to add nurse first name only or nurse initials.
If there is a way to export the tracking board to excel that would be helpful
Can you add some type on the tracking board that shows there are new orders for the patient.
It would be nice to have the capability of having 2 distinct Status columns on the tracking board. Like a Status 1 maybe for location and Status 2 for Fall Risk, Isolation, etc.
Hospital Tracking Board shows Room Description when Thrive whiteboard used the Room Number. Can the Tracking board also use the room number and not the description? Or, give facilities the option to add the column they want and not hard-code that?
An option to add Patient Code Status to the tracking boards would assist providers in checking on the status promptly in urgent situations.
Now that our MedSurg staff is using the tracking board they have asked about adding a column for the patient's Code Status. I know we could use the status column for this, but then we wouldn't have it available for other status options.
If there is a nursing order for vital signs or neuro checks it would be helpful to remind the nurse on the tracking board to improve compliance of nursing orders
Allow the chart options to be sticky. If we drag the Tracking board icon up to the top, it should stay there every time. We want the tasks to be first, but the tracking board to be second, now that nursing has their own tracking boards now, the whiteboard is not used as frequently, nor are the other options for our site.
Add a notation or number to the comments icon in the patient chart so that users can see if there are comments to read. You can clearly see if there are comments on the tracking board, but it is not easy to see if comments are available from inside the patient chart. Adding the number of comments to the icon would alert users that a comment has been added.
Nurses would like an alert on the Tracking Board if a patient has a medication overdue, with a color as well
Discharge preparation done by with date and time stamp would be wonderful addition to inpt svcs on tracking board or an easily identifiable area on tracking board
Would it be possible to have dressing change orders or other nursing orders populate to the tracking board or entered on tracking board like the status column. Some of these items do not show up on your MAR. We used the whiteboard to communicate these things and it would be nice to have this on the tracking board.
Currently the physician added at registration is the only name that sticks with the visit even if the nurse changes it on the tracking board. When admitting to hospital from the EDIS tracking board the option for physician should also be available to change
We would like the Hospital Tracking Board to have columns for Stay Types and Service Codes so we can see these right from the Tracking Board just like we can from the Whiteboard. When you go into the chart there is also no easy right there visible way to see these as well. We are a small Critical Access hospital so our nursing floor will have Acute, Skilled, Swing Bed, Intermediate, Observation, Labor & Delivery, Outpatient Surgery, etc so it's necessary to be able to see that easily.
On the EDIS Tracking Board, create a "Seen by Provider" status that writes the time to the ER Log, do the same with "Admit" status. Currently the providers have to enter date and time when they saw the patient and when they decided to admit the patient. Tie it to the status on the Tracking Board to prevent them from needing to open the chart for those times.
Patients that choose to be "confidential" should have a display name that can just have ******** entered and first and last name entered on a seperate line. The patient is not truly confidential if it shows on the tracking board with full name
Allow Supervisor or specified person to assign patients to each nurse for the shift on the new Hospital Tracking Board. It would be helpful to also allow these to be cleared, same as from the My Patients list.
Tracking Board; We are looking for a denotation/notification on the TB indicating that a room needs to be cleaned. Unless we admit a test patient, we cannot add a STATUS or a COMMENT to block a room. What options do we have? -- Room(s) should be blocked until they are cleaned/disinfected -- Potential Patient Safety
Nursing would like to see the comment box from the tracking board pull to a card within the patient data console.
Site has to search by patient names, when adding patients to the tracking board in ED. They are finding that sometimes names get misspelled and there can be duplicates. Need to be able to search by DOB, SSN, or Medical Record Number.

See TIF-403
We can change the order and size of columns on the tracking board, but once the board refreshes it reverts back to the way it was. Would like to see these changes be made permanent.
Many users complain that they cannot see the lines on the tracking board very well. It would be nice if users could control the darkness of the lines.
Need to be able to Add Name Alert to same area where Code Status, Behavioral issues, suicide precautions and Isolation. So that when a patient has the same Name the Alert shows up eveyrwhere that the name is labeled. This was brought up as a patient safety need for EHR in a Risk review.
It would be useful to be able to create a Tracking board that has multiple nursing dept on one board. Example of Nursing Administration Department here is set up to see all the patients in house on the Whiteboard in POC.
Our nursing staff is requesting a way to quick reference the emergency contact tab in the patient's chart via a destination on the tracking board or a hyperlink in the ID panel.
As a small rural hospital our 3 OBS rooms are in the back of ER. Our ER nurses also monitor and care for the OBS patients. Having them visible and workable from the ER Tracking Board would be a tremendous help to the nurses. The Tracking board could have a section that is dedicated to the OBS patients. There has to be someway to combine this as I am sure there are other small rural hospitals that have the same issue.
Currently, only "View Only" tracking boards can be set to not show empty rooms. My nurses station board include "Notifications" which makes it an interactive board. M board is bogged down with all of the extra unoccupied rooms. I would like to be able to hide the unoccupied rooms for my interactive boards please.
We have had complaints from our ER staff about order status not matching. On the Order Chron the status will say not collected but on the notification area on the tracking board it says pending. Staff needs the status to be the same. It has caused the staff to delay in obtaining specimens because "pending" makes them thing they are waiting on the result
It would be helpful to have the ability to choose patient initials instead of patient last name for the EDIS tracking board that is up at the nurses desk. That way ancillary departments can still find the patient they are looking for without displaying the patient's name.
Could we get a free text column for external ID numbers so they're shown on the Tracking Board? We deal primarily with Department of Corrections inmates and always have to refer to their official DOC number.

Also, at the CPSI conference, they demonstrated how to utilize a "comments" column that can be archived but I don't see that as an available option. This would be incredibly useful as well.
When patients come through the ED and are admitted to a floor, the nurse and the status columns do not update. The nurse column is just an annoyance, but the status column is a more significant issue. Please make a change that reverts those columns to blank when registration transfers the patient to a different unit.
Users, especially physicians would like the ability to sort the EDIS tracking board by more than just room number. Triage level or minutes since check in are just a couple that my providers have requested.

Addendum: Now that most columns can be sorted, the request is specifically to sort by Minutes since Check In. The providers state that it will give them a quicker decision on who to see first if non/equally emergent.
1. Please created a feature that when the user hovers over a column/cell of the tracking board it will alert them to where that cell was mapped to with the patient chart during the tracking board set-up. (just as all other features are programmed - navigation pane pinned items, application drawer when collapsed)
2. Please add service code as a column option. Our facility is so old that we only use 2 stay types and no sub types.
need a alert or something to flag pregnancy status in the demographics bar at the top of the chart
When reflexing sections/questions in EDIS, the display status loes the ability to hide questions so you have to go in andbuild reflexes question-by-question.
Provide the name of the MD when searching these files.
the ability to search by number when searching in charts
Have a rounding list button on the whiteboard list that many leaders use to round on the patients for the day. It would be nice to have this capability on the New Tracking Board that auto-populates the unit, date and patient types.
I do realize that you can click "Whiteboard List", type the number into the blank box, and hit enter OR you can click the new little magnifier in the top right and open the whiteboard search that way too. Neither of these processes are obvious or intuitive. We do not use the whiteboard much here as we prefer the interactive use of the tracking board view and the more specific department or search options. Please program a more obvious option for "Search by Number" option. Thanks for the consideration.
Ability to search by MR#
Would like a white board notification option to allow the option to see that the patient's records have been imported and reconciled. So when checking to see if this is completed you can just pull up the white board and check to see if the current patient's have been done if consented to do so.
I think it would be beneficial to be able to admit from the Med Surg tracking board.
Reference Support Situation 9983968.


History:

Custom filters can be created for both Whiteboards and Tracking Boards. These are very helpful in taking a listed patient population and drilling down to get a shorter list based on user defined criteria.

Need:

We need the ability to have selectable radio buttons on the Tracking Boards like we currently have on the Whiteboard. EX: Create a custom filter and name it. We can have it present on the patient ribbon to the right of the default buttons. Select it. Select it with others. And have those patients display. On the tracking board, we can set up multiple filters HOWEVER we have to use the 'meets any of these' criteria to have the patients display. Which gives us a total list of of all patients that meet all custom filter criteria. We only want one of the multiple criteria.

Use Case:

I have a tracking board created for my nursing dept. This dept has all the rooms. In these rooms are in patients, observation patients, and skilled patients. I only want to see the skilled patients on the tracking board. I cannot do this easily. Currently I have to display all the accounts in these rooms and sort by stay type description. If we had the ability to create filters for the tracking board and radio buttons, we could get a WAY more accurate drill down of the patient population we want to see.

EX:

Observation patients are stay type 2 service code F and in a room.
IV therapy patients are stay type 2 service code I and in a room.
Build tracking board filters for both.
Have the filters present as selectable radio buttons on the ribbon.
If I ONLY want to see IV therapy visits in a room - select that radio button.
If I want to see BOTH IV therapy and Observation - select both radio buttons.

This function is already available on the Whiteboard.

Please extend existing functionality to the Tracking Board.
It would be great if the code status has a distinctive color to locate it easily in case of urgent situations.
I would like to suggest a couple new recordings and user guides be added to CPSIQ for Web Client processes.

1. Initial Login for Nursing Staff (Best Practices/Preferred Methods)

This would include how to login, how to save shortcut, how to "Pin" the drawer and notify that clearing cache will require this to be done again, How to pick your patient search options (tracking board vs whiteboard vs search by name vs search by nursing....etc. and WHERE search by number went to - the magnifier) How to pick a tracking board, how to pick a console board, how to see when new orders are available to verify, e-forms and flowcharts availability in application drawer, how to dismiss from location maintenance, etc.

2. Initial Login for Providers (Best Practices/Preferred Methods)

This would include how to login, how to save shortcut, how to "Pin" the drawer and notify that clearing cache will require this to be done again, How to pick your patient search options (tracking board vs whiteboard vs search by name vs search by nursing....etc. and WHERE search by number went to - the magnifier) How to go to TASKS to see both the phone/verbal orders needing signed AND the notes needing signed, etc. How to pick a tracking board, how to pick a console board
Need a way to set an alert (flashing or change of color) to the minutes since check in on the tracking board. This would allow the hospital to set its goal and notify staff when the door to door time is nearing.
Patient "Search" by Providers differs greatly from how Nurses and other roles Search. The former is more limited, whereas Nurse search in CW4 screens is more extensive...still both has their issues with results returned. Revise to a smarter central Patient Search that allows search by parameters in CW4 and return more accurate and less results. Possible to search by multiple criteria?
Can you add a combo DNR/DNI in the option dropdown in demographics for code status.
It would be nice to add the consulting Provider column to the Tracking Board without having to add a Hospitalist to the account. We don't use the Hospitalist title. I was told that the only way for the Consulting Provider's Name to show in the Consulting Provider Column was to first have the Hospitalist field entered.
Providers and nursing staff are asking to have the patients phone number easily accessible at the top of the chart in the blue banner area.
Create a drop down option by the console public board icon so they can be hidden if user would like, or be able to see boards associated with a specific department (i.e inpatient nursing only sees their department and will not see outpatient or clinic boards.
Under the comments section of the tracking board, the edit function is not working. The 3 blue dots appear but when we click nothing happens. I am trying to edit my own comment. Also can it be changed where other nurses can edit someone else's comment. Example, we would put Vital signs Q 2 hours to remind staff but this order can change during the admission to Q4 or Q shift. We want to be able to edit this, not just the nurse who put it in.
Since tracking board column destinations are customizable it can be difficult for staff to remember where different columns take them. Having the chart location show up when hovering over the column would be very helpful in getting them to where they are intending to go.
TruLearn is becoming less useful and more cumbersome by the day. For example, today I was going to add Code Status to my tracking board columns, but could not remember where to modify the dept level boards. As I was trying to be self sufficient, I went to TruLearn and searched Tracking Board. The items that popped up were all for EDIS. Then I put in a sit. It's time consuming for both myself and for the TruBrudge support staff to spend extra time tracking down information that already exists just because it is not searchable/usable. It would be nice to search an item and have CLEAR titles/explanations, PLUS have the options sorted into User Guides vs Videos/Trainings vs Setup within the result page so you know if you are getting a document or a recording before clicking in and out of things.
Providers would like a common place where they can quickly find the patient's code status on the patient's chart in Chartlink. The DNR selection in Demographics is a great example of how it would populate in the Virtual Chart in POC Access, but it should also show as a header in ChartLink. This would be extremely helpful for providers and patients.
So our Clinic nurses using Tracking Board now. They are clicking on Chief Complaint on the tracking board, which takes them to Patient Location Maintenance. When they click on the magnifying glass to pick a nurse to assign, the clinic nurses are not in the pick list. The reason is because they are not in 1 of the 3 DEFAULT roles built by CPSI. They have their own unique clinic role because they are not hospital nurses. So we need the ability to have our custom user roles linked to the user list to further utilize the tracking board.


Per the situation center when I entered this sit: Good afternoon Laura, I spoke with my manager. This would require a design change so we are creatinga TIF (Enhancement Request) inhouse to make Development aware of the issue so this change can be considered. Could you please submit this request to Dream Factory also? Please feel free to let me know if you have any questions. Thankyou!

Good morning Laura, I wanted to follow up with you on this issue. I have created Enhancement Request TIF-1750 to have Development consider making a change to the Nurse lookup field so that it can expand on the list of roles and users that pulls there. I apologize for the issues this is currently causing. If you haven't already, I would submit a Dream Factory request for this as well. Please feel free to let me know if you have any questions. Thank you! Laura
The ability to print a patient statement on demand, it looks more professional. An account detail requires to many steps. It would also be helpful on the patient profile to pick the patient open balances by check box for those you want to print. It would also be helpful on the patient profile to be able to identify which ones are in insurance status vs self-pay status.
We should be able to look up patients by DOB not only in White board but also in Quick Reg. To avoid look alike/ sound alike mistakes that could lead to patient harm.
It would be nice to be able to mark a room as a "Terminal Clean" or "Dirty" via a status or comment feature. This is not possible on empty rooms as you are only allowed to edit this functions with a patient. Many other EHRs have this feature on their tracking boards. Some even automatically assign the room as dirty once the patient has been discharged as a default option.
When using an iPad or other touchscreen tablet/laptop to access the PDC, the cards often get moved around, and it is more difficult to navigate. It would be great to have a lock function at the top (by the "push board" and "update" functions") that can help prevent unintentional editing when using a touchscreen.
We need the ability to choose/control the notifications on the tracking board. I see several dream ideas on what different people would like on it such as RT notifications. The current lab notifications is too cumbersome and causing notification fatigue for staff. We would like that removed.
I would like to see Retired as a status so I can add those applicable to that field as well as a retired date.
Provide a repository and notification system to retain all types of hospital contracts to manage/maintain annual evaluations and contract expirations.
In TUX, the Esign queue had a column for the status date/time. When we removed the IE dependency in June 2022, we moved Esign to Web Client. The status displayed but we did not include the status date/time.
Wouldn't it be nice to see at what stage the patient is on during their stay from the tracking board? SOC or Stage of Care; if the provider is preparing patient for discharge; the tracking board could set by default that the SOC is pending DC; this would be a wonderful communication tool and from the tracking board; so all hands on deck to help get the patient everything they need to go home in a timely manner without the risk of forgetting those discharge instructions or the phone numbers we promised; It may improve process
When we search for insurances in a patient's profile, it would be extremely helpful to have a tab by the address or somewhere that shows the insurance payer ID. There are currently tabs for code, description, and address, and we have to click into each of the insurances to match the payer ID to the insurance card. (see attachment)
We can search currently by name, nursing and physician but a by number option would be helpful
HIM users frequently need to make census changes to patient accounts. Patients who are or were on a tracking board can only be manipulated via the location maintenance screen. Currently users in the HIM role do not have access to location maintenance.
When we open a chart, the room number is over by the account number and does not say anything to indicate it is a room number. We have many providers that would like to see it show up directly after or under the patient's name. They also ask that there is a slight shading alternation on the whiteboard and tracking board. So, one like is white and the next is light gray and then back to white and so on. They find it very difficult to see on the whiteboard especially.
Because Nurses are now using the Tracking Board as a replacement for the CW4 My Patients tab, they expect notifications to work like the status alert icons did. In CW4 those alerts would drop off after 12 hours even when not acknowledged. Now in the Tracking Board, they NEVER fall off if not acknowledged. We have patients in house for up to a year and when Nurses see ~50 "New" lab results (with no way to know WHEN that lab resulted without opening each and every lab notification) they quickly decide they can't use the alerts at all.

One solution would be to make all the notifications drop off after 12 hours. Another would be to at least display the date/time of each item in the notification panel and sort them with most recent at the top of each section.
When a pt. is cancelled or no shows on the scheduler the visit should automatically delete the visit.
It would be nice to have the option to change the chronological order of alerts in the alert module and notifications in the tracking board to show newest first. Alerts used to be in this order and then it changed without a way to change it back. Most recent is usually most important for nursing staff when receiving alerts.
Currently, Throughput Times in Notifications has Physician Decision to Admit time in Red. When the ED Provider enters a time for "Patient Seen by Provider in ED Date/Time" the alert is not satisfied. When looking at the tracking board, you have to open each chart to know if the times are entered. Please make Patient Seen by Provider in ED red and then create a trigger that turns the Physician Decision to Admit Date/Time red when the patient has an admit order (or some other trigger).
It would be helpful if the alternate image titles would be shown in the description area of the EMR Print by Account Number. Currently it only shows the original image title thus having to open each title to see what is available.
All major service providers have something more or less like a status page (e.g. Apple, Google, Twitter, Facebook, and even small companies like Panic). There are many different options for implementing status pages (e.g., Atlassian, Better Stack, Status IO, Statuscast, etc).

Some of these options have the added benefit of providing alerts if customers choose to receive them, thereby reducing confusion and headaches. They also can provide the history of different services so it's easy to pinpoint if/when an issue may have been related to an outage.
Our site would like to have birthdate as a required field when utilizing quick registration through the tracking board.
The automated email updates are one of the most useful tools to track the progress of our tickets and nothing brings more joy than seeing our issue resolved and the ticket closed. However, when we receive an update that says "Situation Status Changed", there is no way for us to see what the change was. Some of our tickets are from months back and we would have to search the date from when we opened the ticket to see the status update. It would be great if Status was added to either the ticket's header where all the other ticket information is displayed, or in the automated email update that would say "Situation Status Changed to: ________".
Providers get busy and don't think to select the Task button in the EMR and check their folders on the home screen. I've had providers flatly say they won't do it. When the user logs in, TWC will open to the last selection they used on previous sessions(Whiteboard List or Tracking Board). There are other areas in TWC that already employ 'badges/icons' to draw a users' attention. The same sort of notification could be used to flag providers who have Verbal orders to sign in their E-Sign queue.
In the VS app, there is an area for glucose level. Our staff is frequently typing continuous glucose monitoring as those devices are more readily available. We would like to see that added as a method option for obtaining glucose level.
Is there a way to have the patients preferred name or name they want to go by, printed on demo sheet, patient name band, patient sticker, and on the scheduler?
Currently, only the user who enters a Comments on the tracking board can edit or archive it. We need a behavior created for an Admin user to be able to edit or archive any users comments if there is incorrect info discovered and that staff member is not available to correct it.
AHMC does not believe the current release satisfies the needs of the Code Status functionality.

■ Currently does not have an option of "Modified Code". This can result in patient's not

receiving the appropriate care.

■ Situation 9877042 (11/15/2023): This needs to link to an order. For instance, if an MD

orders Code Status: Full Code, it should then change the field automatically.

■ Patient Safety Issue
This is a request we receive from multiple sites. They would like to have the ability to post partial payments. Currently when sites post a payment to a claim, the claim shows as Paid or Rejected and sites have to setup another claim and force to the billed status so that this does not fall into Private Pay. This is very cumbersome for sites.
Please program notification of new/pending orders in more obvious areas so that nurses know that they are there. If our nurses are within the patients charts documenting, giving meds, etc. - how do they know when a new order has been placed in a timely manner? The current setup in web client is not ideal for this notification.
We have several users that search by patient by account number, such as HIM, financial, audits. These are NON CLINICAL users, and our facility really feels that non-patient care users do not need Whiteboard. Non patient care does not need a current list of patients. So as we remove access to the Whiteboard, these users only have the option to pull a patient by name only. Please make the other options available to non Whiteboard users to find patient, or allow us to lock down the Whiteboard to a search only, not a current list of patients. Laura
our nurses are struggling with the non-user friendly Notify in Emergency workflow in TWC. Please see attachment. They are entering it wrong and it is causing numerus duplicate patient profiles. Pathway for issue: TWC > Patient Chart > Demographics > Personal > Notify in Emergency > magnifying glass > the search field states PATIENT NAME- this is where it all goes wrong. The nurses enter the current admitted patient's name and then get all turned around and confused, ending up putting the patient as the emergency contact, yet assigning the correct relationships and phone number for the
actual emergency contact. This causes multiple duplicate patient profile entries for us. DUPLICATE PATIENT PROFILES IS A SAFETY CONCERN as pointed out by the SAFER Guides Clinical Patient Identification Assessment. Could the search field just be titled "Emergency contact name" that way, the nurse will put in the contact's name, the system can still search the database to see if the emergency contact was ever a patient, and if not, the nurse could add their profile, or better yet- don't involve the patient profile list AT ALL. Please see attachment for further explanation
We are getting more requests from remote specialists and/or referring Doctors to gain access to their patient records. We'd like to see an option to restrict them to see their patients only. Perhaps we could limit them to Whiteboard searches with "My Patients" as the ONLY box selected. The other options could be greyed out. We would have to restrict the other patient search options as well. See screenshot with a suggested view.
Request to update whiteboard person profile search and display to include standard patient identifiers clients use to identify correct patient. 2104 updates there are many clients that are having more staff including Nurses / HUCS temporary registering patients via Tracking Board in ED and on the floor. Search options and lack of information to verify patient are creating issues.

Current issues clients have been identifying.

* Search Option facility standard is first by Patient's Date of Birth followed by Name, SSN#, Guarantor, MR#, etc.
* Search Results do not include Medical Record#, SSN, Address, Phone, Last Visit Date, Emergency Contact and/or parent/guardian/guarantor information.
My nurses have just transitioned to using the we client in our ED. Their first and biggest complaint is that spell check does not work in the free text boxes or the quick add boxes. I have seen it work in a few areas but in the main areas where they type longer nurses notes.
It would be great to have the ability to show an external ID/tracking number in the demographics banner. The majority of our patients are Department of Corrections and we refer to their "DOC" number most often for communication with facilities. It would be beneficial to be able to enable that information in the demographics to save time hunting through the EHR.
There is a critical patient safety concern regarding the functionality of the Emergency Department Information System (EDIS) currently in use. As it stands, all medication orders in EDIS are automatically designated as one-time STAT orders. This system configuration fails to prompt nurses to perform essential pre-medication pain assessments and does not provide notifications for the necessary reassessment of pain following medication administration.

This gap in functionality poses a significant risk to patient safety, especially given that a substantial number of Emergency Department (ED) patients present with acute pain and require Schedule II or III controlled medications for pain management. Ensuring these patients receive the same standard of care as inpatients is imperative. For inpatients, nurses are prompted at the time of medication administration to do the pre-assessment, and a notification icon appears on the tracking board to alert nurses when a pain reassessment is due. However, this crucial safety feature of pre-medication assessment is absent from the X1 medication orders and the re-assessment notification is not available on the ED tracking board, even when the medication order frequency is adjusted to a PRN (as needed) timeframe.

To address this pressing issue, we urgently need the EDIS to incorporate the following functionalities for all pain medications, regardless of whether they are one-time orders:

1. Pre-Medication Pain Assessment Prompt: Nurses must be prompted to perform a pain assessment before administering pain medications. This ensures that the medication is appropriate for the patient's current pain level and condition.
2. Pain Reassessment Notification: An alert icon should appear on the ED tracking board to remind nurses to reassess the patient's pain following medication administration. This reassessment is crucial to determine the effectiveness of the pain management plan and to make necessary adjustments.

Implementing these features will not only enhance the quality of care provided in the ED but also align the safety standards for ED patients with those for inpatients. The absence of these functionalities can lead to inadequate pain management, delayed reassessment, and potential harm to patients, undermining the overall goal of patient-centered care.

We urge you to prioritize these enhancements in the EDIS to safeguard our patients and ensure that our healthcare providers are equipped with the necessary tools to deliver high-quality, safe, and effective care.

Thank you for your immediate attention to this critical matter. We look forward to your prompt response and action to address these patient safety concerns.
Staff would like to be able to click on (for example) the account number in the tracking board and have it take them to the Demographics Application so that they can print labels and arm bands easier.


Updated 10/12/23----Especially now that Demographics have a more vital role in updating the patient header.
When we send a communication and need to send it to someone, we need to have the capability to mark certain people as favorites. Our providers each have their own clinic nurse and would like to be able to mark them as a favorite so they don't always have to search for them. They should just come up for them to choose.
It would be great if the Tracking Board Notifications and the Alerts tab worked together so that when labs, (especially) are acknowledged in one or the other place, the "alert' would be acknowledged in the other place. I have trouble with the nurses acknowledging on the Alerts tab - they say they've already acknowledged them from the tracking board. Also the "acknowledge all" feature does not work in the Alert Tab. You have to open each lab test separately. This needs fixed.
Clients that utilize EDIS Modules that use the "Admit to Hospital" Function there is not a field to assign the attending physician.

Web Client >Charts > EDIS Tracking Board > Select Room > Admit to Hospital > Update all fields. > Update . Attending physician has to be updated in Census or it will not reflect correctly anywhere in the system.


Path 1: Staff must then go to System Menu > (change to registration dept ) or go to Master Selection > Patient List > Current Patient > Nursing Station > select patient > Census > Stay Tab > Attending Physician > Change Physician > Back arrow out. Then close out System Menu to return to Web Client.

Path 2: Staff must then go to System Menu > (change to registration dept ) key in patient's account number > Census > Stay Tab > Attending Physician > Change Physician > Back arrow out. Then close out System Menu to return to Web Client > Charts.
It takes way to long to clear out the notifications. If there are 15 alerts for labs, you should be able to click on the lab header and acknowledge you have seen/reviewed them all, there is no reason to make someone open each one, review it, select ok, close out of the chart, and repeat until each alert has been addressed. The tracking board is already super slow, this just adds to nursing frustration. Same for Radiology and other ancillary department order results.


